Rev. David (he/him): hey in advance, we should play it let's plan in a break at like 10 o'clock Eastern because i've got kids here and we'll need to tend to them for like 10 minutes or so.
Timothy Sackton: perfect.
Mike (Delwath): But I also probably can't go past midnight just.
Mike (Delwath): yeah it's some time at work yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The sun is sad but the fires are burning bright on the Plaza in front of the temple of shotgun as you emerge from the darkness of the temple itself.
Timothy Sackton: A small crowd has gathered as the news of the shadow attacks and its consequences have spread and the funeral pyres are already being prepared.
Timothy Sackton: As the Community of the show couldn't miss die gather you can still faintly see the aca as of the web of power that stretches among them thinking back to the events of the past 24 hours.
Timothy Sackton: Starting with the story is that kendra is a toll the hardship Kuhn and artifacts central to the magical defenses of the Dunbar a.
Timothy Sackton: Center the supreme Oracle of the mist die one in whom the goddess herself seems to dwell who had a young daughter, who took second cannot be cured by ordinary magic.
Timothy Sackton: Sanchez decision to take the hardship can South trisha coons wellspring beyond the edge of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Which dreams and visions had told would cure her daughter.
Timothy Sackton: The mist I actually couldn't traveling to find Center after her too long absence, but none returning.
Timothy Sackton: Control us out remaining silent out of doubt or fear.
Timothy Sackton: Uncertainty about the consequences of breaking the secret bonds of the Miss die.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Turning in the face of this challenge until the guilt and the burden were too much.
Timothy Sackton: And he spoke with you.
Timothy Sackton: As can dress up begins to speak to the gathered crowd offering a prayer to sonkar to ease the passage of the dead and judge their souls worthy of rest, you can hear the quiver of doubt and fear in his voice.
Timothy Sackton: It as it keeps talking about the two acolytes he died speaking of their lives, their hopes enjoys and offering prayers of remembrance and healing a farewell to the mortal body.
Timothy Sackton: His voice for gain some confidence and vigor and, as he begins the prayer to Chicago to hold the Community together.
Timothy Sackton: Whether by some after a factor of the ritual visions you experienced or some newfound sense you've acquired, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: This glowing web of energy among the people stretch and pulse with the moonlight although, as you watch there's nowhere for this energy to go the Center is still dark and absent.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're drawn into this vision, you can see some breaks in this web as well, six places where the webs of power, a map Gray, not silver aware tendrils of energy break off and drain from the web of interconnections and have nothing as.
Timothy Sackton: As can dress it finishes his prayer this vision fades and the funeral service concludes.
Timothy Sackton: You recall the events of the evening the ritual the writer should Kuhn that started with visions of donmar the forest falling the flames, and then a city spreading like is across the land.
Timothy Sackton: washed clean then into the mountains on a path approaching a small village falling through the earth to see a waterfall cascading down the facade of a building.
Timothy Sackton: powering small atomic focusing in to see an ancient lantern on a beautiful mantle which became the setting sun behind a ship at sea, leaving port.
Timothy Sackton: Until the vision it's faded into the night sky full of stars and then the clarity of this web of chicagoans magic the Net, that is, the souls of the Miss die that hold the power of Denmark together, but as missing it Center.
Timothy Sackton: In television ended with a woman who was maybe also a Mesa reaching out for you and asking for help, as the silence of the ritual was broken by screams of the attack of the shadow doctors.
Timothy Sackton: Now, as the funeral service concludes.
Timothy Sackton: Well into the evening you are left.
Timothy Sackton: standing by yourselves in the.
Timothy Sackton: desert night sky in.
Timothy Sackton: The oasis lit by nothing but the fires of the funeral pyres for the two acolytes considering your next move.
Timothy Sackton: So if we want to, if you want to discuss make sure you get back focus to what was happening out of character can take a little time to do that now.
Seeker: yeah there's a lot of moving parts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we're redoing in the like, with the lowers the ritual about again.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah listen.
Timothy Sackton: So right so.
Timothy Sackton: Can dress was all like you were like what you know why didn't you tell us, and he was like well I can't.
Timothy Sackton: I can't tell you I can only show you what the power of the.
Timothy Sackton: heart was.
Timothy Sackton: And so the ritual was like you sort of saw the.
Timothy Sackton: connection the power.
Timothy Sackton: The this like mystical wall that that defends the border is basically woven out of the.
Timothy Sackton: essence our souls of the initiates of right the ship couldn't miss die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we participating in a version of the initiation or was it just like a visioning.
Timothy Sackton: There was a version of the initiation that wasn't actually an initiation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay Okay, and we got to see kind of the whole the what what we needed to see.
Before right.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and then the whole thing with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that the woman who took the heart to go heal her kid who is that woman.
Timothy Sackton: sentra she was.
Timothy Sackton: Like the supreme Oracle like not not within the hierarchy of the Miss die but somebody who was kind of blast with divine power basically.
Timothy Sackton: it's like there's a you know it passes through the like from parent to child this like divine connection to Chicago and and so she's like the 18th supreme Oracle or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US it's sort of like the Dalai Lama or something.
Timothy Sackton: it's yeah it's sort of like the Dalai Lama.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it Okay, and so that the her kid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has like spiritual significance.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and was like the detail that kendra's that shared about her was that, like before she could talk, she would like paint colors in the desert sands and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Timothy Sackton: You know, make make these images appear in the cliff walls and things like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay so like saving her it was enough like saving some random kid it's like saving this like very important spiritual being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for things that are there for the next slide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and they're human shouldn't control and the baby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep so like Nike what conception, or is there, like a bother doing it, I know that.
Timothy Sackton: There was a father, but like nobody Center has never shared to it is.
Seeker: OK OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they left when.
Timothy Sackton: They left in February.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's like April now.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: No it's it's well into may it's almost June.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they've been gone for months missed I have been sent to go and find sentra but have not come back.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And do we know her location or her approximate location.
Timothy Sackton: So where she was supposedly going was this the wellspring of chicken, which is.
Timothy Sackton: Another sacred place.
Timothy Sackton: like this whole Mesa complexes you get the impression is kind of sacred tisha Kuhn and so that the temple of Kerala and this oasis is on the Northern end of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Though shark coons wellspring is on the southern end of the Mesa it's like a it's like a Canyon with a with a grove and at um, and this is another like highly significant place where supposedly the connection to rakuten is particularly strong and.
Timothy Sackton: Center is dreams well at least as kendra's are reported Sintra had dreams saying basically.
Timothy Sackton: Take your daughter, and the heart here, and I can heal her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and keep it on the map showing them up wherever that is.
Timothy Sackton: uh yeah so it's it's like it's not far it's like there.
John Leeker (he/him/his): it's on that plateau.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: A southern end of that.
Timothy Sackton: The southern edge of that plateau it's like maybe 40 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool so feels like we should go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see how.
There yeah.
Seeker: Have there been any clues as to manipulation of dreams false hopes and dreams.
Timothy Sackton: um so I mean the one clue is that kendra says shared that he had made up the vision that dealt with had very early on, at the very beginning of the campaign.
Seeker: With so kendra so manipulated deal with stream.
Seeker: But didn't manipulate it's interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he didn't admit to it.
Timothy Sackton: Whether or not it's not something you know doesn't seem like he did, based on the way is acting but do.
Rev. David (he/him): You play inside checks as if we can just be like is Congress, a lying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know I can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do that.
Timothy Sackton: sounds like I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You will find out something, depending on what you've all probably won't be.
Timothy Sackton: Such as he's lying and he's actually an evil secret agent.
But.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly, something you can.
Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like I can tell me some of these line.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that power again it's.
Timothy Sackton: that's from your your.
Timothy Sackton: Best best my initiation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that not me.
Timothy Sackton: that's not my character sheet, though, it should be it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says the truth yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now it has to be somehow related to a story about themselves or their right um.
Timothy Sackton: And they get they get a saving throw so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: But yes.
Timothy Sackton: You can do that once per day.
Seeker: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think i'm tracked it also on your questions.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody good.
Mike (Delwath): yeah so we're heading for this, I mean wasn't our plan to go to this place is that.
Seeker: We had discussed trying to like send an army bringing army, the army go solo stealthy those questions.
Timothy Sackton: You had discussed like why don't you tell.
Timothy Sackton: pop Dar and just be like.
Timothy Sackton: charge n.
Seeker: Or the centaurs.
That.
Timothy Sackton: Control us, I have been worried that there might be some consequences to.
Timothy Sackton: revealing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's like there.
Timothy Sackton: There must be some reason why the gods don't want this to be public knowledge.
John Leeker (he/him/his): didn't we decided to tell the centaurs.
Timothy Sackton: You told.
Mike (Delwath): Foreign told that but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You told just the leader of the center's you didn't.
Timothy Sackton: TAO so there's contrast is the leader of the center's and those have dark is the leader of this like warrior band rough the donmar a and then kendra said he's the leader of the Miss die.
Timothy Sackton: And far address knows, but not half Dar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so it doesn't make sense, we can do this in character, but I think doesn't make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sense in you like discrete.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody everybody feeling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One last thing on john john what's your name again.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your cod.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cod and and when, why are we working together what's the that's our.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your card has sense that something is unwell in the area that coupled with rumors has sent him out of his village, and I have stumbled upon you all in this town, I was told to go to this town, not knowing that most of the town was destroyed and.
John Leeker (he/him/his): that's how I got caught up with you so i'm interested in restoring whatever magic or whatever was protecting this area because it's impacting my villages which are up in the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay.
John Leeker (he/him/his): And my character is wildly uncharismatic.
Seeker: love it.
Timothy Sackton: ready.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody got it okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Standing around.
Timothy Sackton: As the funeral concludes.
John Leeker (he/him/his): What were those sorry, are we in character, now.
yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): What were those shadows, why did you bring them with you, I say to the group.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Are you stupid.
Rev. David (he/him): Those are different questions.
John Leeker (he/him/his): people died.
Mike (Delwath): The shadows were not we didn't summon them.
Rev. David (he/him): We didn't know how to hide our tracks from shadows.
Seeker: We did learn an interesting thing, which is that a sufficiently bright light does repel them.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Are we safe now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
Mike (Delwath): Does anybody ever say really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: None of us are said.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Will we be putting more people at risk.
Mike (Delwath): I think I place the blame on frosh, who is the one who sent the shadows, not on.
Rev. David (he/him): All the.
Mike (Delwath): way out.
Rev. David (he/him): All the shadows that we saw come after us have been dispelled now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But there are more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're in dangerous times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're in dangerous times and all signs point towards things being increasingly dangerous there's no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least until we return the heart to its proper place we're all in danger in this area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It only makes our quest margin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lives loss it's an unspeakable tragedy but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're in a moment, now of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: death.
Seeker: seems clear that we must redouble our efforts to locate and restore the heart of Chicago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
To Caroline.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I grant an affirmation.
Rev. David (he/him): We should resupply and make haste in the morning.
Seeker: To the wellspring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm curious why what what else we can learn about the wellspring before we what what why, how is it possible that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, whatever missed, I sent there having returned, is there any information, we can learn more about what's there, or what we might expect there, it feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should be, we should travel travel with with caution and when it's some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: care and discreet this.
Seeker: One thing we know.
Seeker: That dreams can be manipulated.
Seeker: Even if kendra.
Seeker: To not interfere in this case, as he did in another someone else could have.
Mike (Delwath): A trap for centuries.
Seeker: A trap to attract the heart and its power to someone who wishes to.
Seeker: What do you do with a magic heart of a goddess.
Seeker: What would the What would the motivation be.
Seeker: Is it to remove the protection here or to use it for some other purpose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The questions.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Maybe she removed the heart.
John Leeker (he/him/his): To get it away from him.
John Leeker (he/him/his): If we can't trust if he dreams, why do we trust him at all.
Seeker: But he's the.
Seeker: The speaker of cocoon and D.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And dresser has made some mistakes some grave mistakes in the past month, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He he is the ability to see understand his character and he's not he's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: malicious intense he truly is is seeking what is best for them, this time, so I don't question as part.
Seeker: that's good to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can we should speak with kendra said before we before we depart and learn a little bit more about the wellspring.
Rev. David (he/him): I think, to you know whether Sintra was deceived or not.
Rev. David (he/him): If that's where they've gone that's where we go to follow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely.
Seeker: That is the strategy used as far.
Seeker: too.
Seeker: long enough to.
Seeker: Whatever danger there might be, even if it follows us out of that place and killed others along way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think you know I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be I think your your abilities to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: channel the energies of these these creatures these animals to help us scout will be useful if we can even begin that process now and see what we can learn about the area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If it's different at all, then how kendra's describes it or how you might expect it to be.
Seeker: We might need to get a bit closer before we do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And secret, you have now, you know how you don't have abilities to do something similar that's how we were able to observe brushes all right.
Seeker: I can look at a distance with clairvoyance over a mile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Seeker: So we'll need to get quite close.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can.
John Leeker (he/him/his): summon a bird go ahead.
John Leeker (he/him/his): and report back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds.
knowledgeable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we got speak a little with kendra set understand a little more about what we might expect, with the last spring.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can send the bird out now, so it has time to.
John Leeker (he/him/his): fly.
John Leeker (he/him/his): see what it can and returned us.
John Leeker (he/him/his): How long can a pro a silver Raven fly and.
Seeker: long way.
John Leeker (he/him/his): it's more of a DM question.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's a good question um.
Timothy Sackton: I think it would, if you sent it out now, it could probably.
Timothy Sackton: It might not be back in so it, I think it has you can use it for up to 12 hours.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it would make it necessarily 80 miles in 12 hours and.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even have a dead, it would be in the middle of the night.
Timothy Sackton: But it's gonna it'll probably take you'll probably need to Camp one night on the Mesa and if you were say halfway there.
Seeker: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we.
Seeker: Oh, I was wondering about.
Seeker: sent our leader.
Timothy Sackton: Oh dress.
Seeker: Her under US and if we should talk to him.
Mike (Delwath): We did.
Timothy Sackton: You talk to him.
Timothy Sackton: When you told him before the attack when you told them.
Timothy Sackton: But you haven't talked to him since since the ritual and everything.
Timothy Sackton: Are you doing this now, by the way, well be.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah so well.
Rev. David (he/him): What is.
Rev. David (he/him): excused himself and say I I saw this funny thought, excuse me just suck up to go try and remember something.
Rev. David (he/him): that's gonna sit down in the corner and scrumptious space up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You look like he's trying to squeeze one out.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): But of his brain.
Seeker: i'm curious about Nice, the.
Seeker: places.
Seeker: broken in the web.
Seeker: Where the energy is draining off, I think, Tim you said, there are six such places.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Seeker: Can I investigate that a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you saw it, you saw.
Timothy Sackton: How he was investigated.
Seeker: Is that part of the vision or something that's just immediately all around us.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, you saw it like well kendra us it was beaky sort of felt like you had this vision and then it faded, as he finished his prayer.
Timothy Sackton: So the vision is gone.
Seeker: And where those places associated with particular people, or are they yeah.
Timothy Sackton: uh with.
Timothy Sackton: You, the five of you, and one kind of often the distance somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: away, we are the sources of energy is draining.
Seeker: course where the problem.
Timothy Sackton: Man it's not really draining it's just it's like there's a break in the web.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait we are the like where we walk around we are the break in the web.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The five of us.
Timothy Sackton: And one other person who wasn't at the funeral.
Seeker: Who wasn't at the oh shit.
Seeker: Sintra.
Rev. David (he/him): This one.
Mike (Delwath): Is when.
Seeker: I get to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we, the Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: you're not an issue that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah.
Seeker: So the Web isn't strong because it's not.
Seeker: bound oh.
i'm.
Mike (Delwath): i'm a little confused.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: If if you know the secret, but you are actually initiated into the order of the mist I you drain and you are slow, not very important just five six of you, but you drain energy from the you're not contributing anything back to the web.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Because you're not initiated.
Timothy Sackton: ruins yes.
Timothy Sackton: You are still seeing it and connected to it, and so you are still training energy from it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean just.
Timothy Sackton: Given that there's you know a few hundred miss diane there's six of you it's Probably not.
Timothy Sackton: As probably not a big deal.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, that is, that is what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: hold on i'm i'm typing a message to shorts now we'll get you in a second alright well.
John Leeker (he/him/his): feels unsettled by this knowledge that he is draining another villages energy.
John Leeker (he/him/his): He shuffles uncomfortably thinking about the energy.
Seeker: So there is a web of energy between people.
Seeker: It looks a little bit like ley lines, but surely not.
Seeker: And this web of energy between people is the.
Seeker: Perhaps underlying source of the power of.
Seeker: She herself or protection she provides.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I wonder to this is how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the underlying connection amongst in this by of any pre.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meeting eager to return the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm I feel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know a little agitation that we didn't do this earlier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go get it.
Timothy Sackton: So you settle in for the night.
Rev. David (he/him): will be POPs back up again and says hey.
Rev. David (he/him): You know something I just remembered and it reaches deep into the Pack and pulls out this little glass vial of like evil occur stuff collected way back at ravens hold, I think, from the dead demon and.
Seeker: I have a question about that in my notebook that is unanswered we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go.
Rev. David (he/him): To the mirror so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Now, but you just used it recently.
Mike (Delwath): yeah, we have to wait a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we use it on again the mirror.
Mike (Delwath): That fragments from the.
Mike (Delwath): Right glass blowers shop from the from the city.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah then he says hey.
Rev. David (he/him): You know when.
Rev. David (he/him): When you summon your weapons out of nothing and nowhere they're not coming out of nothing and no where are they where are they coming from.
Mike (Delwath): A good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shots armory.
Mike (Delwath): I don't know.
Seeker: don't know.
i'm not sorry.
Mike (Delwath): A.
Mike (Delwath): Clearly, some other dimension, some other plane some other place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why do you ask Bobby.
Rev. David (he/him): When I picked up the bow I remembered.
Rev. David (he/him): I saw a place that i've seen before.
Rev. David (he/him): Deep woods, following a stream as the sunsets coming to a place that's dark and old this twilight glade that's what the bow showed me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's why like blame.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what this vision, you know where it was that you saw.
Rev. David (he/him): I can't tell it's like a half remember dream it, it could have been a memory from thousands of years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder what time you're drawing these weapons from you, if there is even a concept that's live in these places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you go where the weapons are.
Oh.
Mike (Delwath): i've never tried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not suggesting you do because we're going to need you for this mission, but.
Rev. David (he/him): When you go, can we go with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the you can go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure i'm ready to go to the shadow around.
Rev. David (he/him): This has been the best few months of my life everyone hi it's everywhere we've gone is unmet like this couldn't get better we're going to a place that may be a portal to another dimension, nobody even notice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things are so different.
Rev. David (he/him): than they are right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You and I are so different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So agitated here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, I would like to speak with kendra set to learn more about the wellspring I don't know if any of you by to join.
Seeker: us here.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to talk to him tonight, or in the morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah maybe what's a little boring yeah tonight's tonight's pretty deep night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and actually said, like you know I think is is the pyre still lit.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah kensal kensal will spend you know, are there any other acolytes or other others kind of around so you're the buyer.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so kendra says now kind of moving through the crowd a little bit and like you know comforting the people who are particularly close to these two who died and just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, doing the shepherd of the flock sort of thing is he sort of circulates and many people have sort of drifted off to their you know their private.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense that I mean this is not the first funeral that's happened in the past month, like the in the time since you've been gone there's been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: battle.
Any.
Timothy Sackton: funerals right and so there's there's a bit of a.
Timothy Sackton: there's a bit of a weariness but also.
Timothy Sackton: You know the Community is is kind of sort of pulling together for each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah kensal will go and join kind of the even just sort of you know, be present with them and then also, I think you know from the beach my and lock in traditions, like you know do some do some prayer do some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know just kind of bringing bringing some good good energy suits with people there, whatever comfort whatever you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever is helpful.
Mike (Delwath): For sort of walk he looks a bit lost in thought white keys very kind of interested in then while these comment kind of wanders off to the side, where are we, where are we still not still underground right.
Timothy Sackton: No, no you're outside, so the the temple of cocoon itself sits on the the edge of the cliff in front of this big open Plaza that's where the oasis is in the Center and so you're you know sitting or standing around some of the always.
Mike (Delwath): nighttime right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's dark except for.
Timothy Sackton: The fires of them.
Timothy Sackton: So errors.
Mike (Delwath): delafield kind of wander over to what kind of walk a little lost in thought and wander over to sort of the edge not like invisible or far away, but to the edge of the light a little bit in the shadows.
Seeker: secrets close to the light, so that he can see his sketchbook is immersed in drawing.
Seeker: waves of energy between people and network settings of power between plans.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your card covers himself up with a blanket and just goes to sleep immediately.
Rev. David (he/him): will be goes looking for a bath.
Mike (Delwath): Sorry, Tim I didn't need to make like 17.
Timothy Sackton: I can't my role 20 is like weirdly well just just tell me what you rolled.
Mike (Delwath): out the first letter of the law.
Timothy Sackton: First, one, the first one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike (Delwath): It didn't buy d&d beyond didn't make any indication that it was.
Timothy Sackton: doing it actually rolling yeah.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you, those of you who are going to sleep, if you were strength trained by the shadows, you can reset your strength to normal and just do your best then.
Timothy Sackton: i'm seeker, if you want to study your book and change one spell you're welcome to switch something for something of the same level, if you want to try out new spells.
doing with the optional rule.
Seeker: How do I say strengths.
Timothy Sackton: You have to go into.
Timothy Sackton: The abilities and then there should be a.
Timothy Sackton: Like go to the.
Timothy Sackton: The character builder that we were looking at earlier go over the abilities, there should be like an other modifier thunder strength that will say like minus three or something and change that to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 00 yeah because kenzo i'm also minus one strike that's not normally minus one right or is it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's only minus one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: minus one week.
Seeker: So now yeah it's minus one for me as well Okay, and then spells okay let's see i'm going to figure that out and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr cobb like strong strong.
John Leeker (he/him/his): know.
Timothy Sackton: Your card is your.
John Leeker (he/him/his): you're gonna have any you.
Timothy Sackton: Who has even vaguely strong his business and his like twice as strong as the rest of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Nice I like that.
John Leeker (he/him/his): you're calling has a very, very high constitution but it's not particularly strong or nimble.
Seeker: TIM TIM can just swap in one of these new ones that have been added.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the as the sun rises in the morning and you.
Timothy Sackton: Prepare.
Timothy Sackton: For your journey.
Timothy Sackton: So ken's I was is everybody going to talk interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: So after breakfast can you find can dress that he is sitting in you know sort of on the.
Timothy Sackton: delay little conference room in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the temple.
Timothy Sackton: looks up as you approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope i'm sorry oakland.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dress I I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope you and the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other initiates are are managing as best you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a terrible day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think it only makes more important our quest to return the heart and return protection to this may sons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nearby land.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly.
Timothy Sackton: There have been.
Timothy Sackton: Many terrible days in the past few months.
Timothy Sackton: I wish this were unusual.
Timothy Sackton: And I fear i've only myself to blame.
Timothy Sackton: And yes, I agree.
Timothy Sackton: If you are willing to take on the.
Timothy Sackton: challenge.
Timothy Sackton: The sooner, you can go the better for everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tends to kind of you know, places like a warm hands on dresses shoulder just kind of acknowledging him and no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: address these are terrible dangerous times far beyond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's happened here and what's happened in the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think everyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The love and care, you have or for the Miss die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will do our part to try and restore some balance here but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to try to be as prepared as possible for what's ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you tell us more about the wellspring he can you offer any speculation as to what might have happened to Sintra, and what dangers, you may see you there.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you have the wellspring i've been there.
Timothy Sackton: Four times.
Timothy Sackton: It is a.
Timothy Sackton: It is a, it is a place of special beauty, if you travel South along the top of the red Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: You come to the far southern end.
Timothy Sackton: And look for a.
Timothy Sackton: grove of stone.
Timothy Sackton: As if there were trees growing out of the desert made of stone of the of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: And in the Center of that grove a stairway cut into a narrow Canyon which lead south.
Timothy Sackton: The sky hardly visible as you pass through, and yet the.
Timothy Sackton: thin translucent colors of the sun reflect the.
Timothy Sackton: reflect the light and.
Timothy Sackton: Change beautiful ever changing ways as you walk through this quarter.
Timothy Sackton: In know this narrow slot Canyon opens up into a grable surrounded on all sides by high cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The grove itself.
Timothy Sackton: All gnarled is that have no business growing in such a dry place.
Timothy Sackton: And you wait and pray and as the sun sets the walls of the Canyon light up in flame and color and why begin to appear.
Timothy Sackton: In the Center of the growth.
Timothy Sackton: Calm clear refreshing.
Timothy Sackton: till the sun rises again and the water turns to dust as the flames, like the other side of this Canyon ball.
Timothy Sackton: is a place of prayer and meditation in a place, it is sad.
Timothy Sackton: were shocked Kuhn is close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of prayers did raise the waters.
Timothy Sackton: The waters calm at night, whether you pray or not I say prayers.
Timothy Sackton: because every time i've gone, it has been.
Timothy Sackton: When confronted with.
Timothy Sackton: Uncertainty or or doubt in my life and i've gone to the asks tunes.
Timothy Sackton: And indeed, I fear.
Timothy Sackton: Many of my mistakes over the past two months.
Timothy Sackton: Three four months have been because of her absence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have any idea what Twitter befallen her there.
Timothy Sackton: I could have befallen Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: No.
I.
Timothy Sackton: Was.
Timothy Sackton: I am not.
Timothy Sackton: You know, completely.
Timothy Sackton: I am blessed with some minor talent.
Timothy Sackton: sentra gives me her gifts.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing too strong.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, Sir Kuhn gives me her gifts, but Center as far beyond my scale.
Timothy Sackton: Her power is.
Timothy Sackton: The power of the goddess or South morn mortal form.
Timothy Sackton: She can do things that.
Timothy Sackton: I would never dream create food and water out of thin air that sustains the mortal.
Timothy Sackton: She can.
Timothy Sackton: She can yeah she can do things that are.
Timothy Sackton: that are beyond my powers that are.
Timothy Sackton: You know, things that.
Timothy Sackton: But I have no.
Timothy Sackton: That, I have no skill in, and if it is something that.
Timothy Sackton: So, so I don't know I don't know what happened to her, she was always among the strongest of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you do you think it's possible there was some type of chicanery with her dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that she was.
Timothy Sackton: tricked anything's possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If that were possible, do you have any idea what could have caused that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she was always headstrong and Sintra and convinced of her.
Timothy Sackton: She was always convinced she her path was set by the lesson bako astray.
Timothy Sackton: If something fooled her.
Timothy Sackton: Once it could feel her many times.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything I.
Timothy Sackton: never thought.
Timothy Sackton: She before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else you think we should know about the wellspring it, I know how many mistakes were sent that have not returned.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: She traveled with with two companions both skilled warriors.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: A group of sex acolytes left shortly before you arrived.
Timothy Sackton: Including to with some skill in battle.
Timothy Sackton: But there are few of us left now who.
Timothy Sackton: Have any.
Timothy Sackton: Experience with such dangerous things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else do you think we should know before we depart.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful.
Timothy Sackton: Be quiet be prepared for danger.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think Center would.
Timothy Sackton: remain in this case, if she was either alive or free to travel.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever happened, and she was with her daughter, and she would do anything for her daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you sense any kind of disturbance any anything any anything that around the time that she departed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I guess, other than the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The major to study the disruption of the What if you.
Timothy Sackton: know I mean.
Timothy Sackton: She could have granted miracles before and the few of us who she took into her confidence did not send anything wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, the wellspring is.
Timothy Sackton: it's often considered a place, one might go for healing.
Timothy Sackton: The mystical waters that appear at night.
Timothy Sackton: are often thought to have curative powers i'm going to combine with chicagoans heart, I can.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly, imagine.
Timothy Sackton: This is this.
Timothy Sackton: There was no reason you know, I was I caution her against going only because I was scared of the consequences of.
Timothy Sackton: The heart being gone even for a week.
Timothy Sackton: But there was no reason to believe this wasn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rosa just one other one other word, for my part, at least, but for for transparency, saying um I think you saw in that vision as well, now that we are aware of the secret that we now somehow have impacted this is this web of energy amongst amongst you can.
Timothy Sackton: I did see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is a six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is it possible that is around rose.
Timothy Sackton: As he requested, I did speak to him and tell him the truth, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, is he the six.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't out of character you don't know for sure, but it makes sense because.
Timothy Sackton: he's aware, as it did right how.
Timothy Sackton: about it and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of looks at that the companions you know feeling satisfied with his inquiry.
Seeker: I have a question actually who who built.
Seeker: The wellspring and its.
Seeker: structure it sounds spectacular something that my people would.
Seeker: honor.
Timothy Sackton: It was not built.
Timothy Sackton: Those trees grew there.
Timothy Sackton: The stone trees.
Timothy Sackton: As seeker.
Timothy Sackton: I told you, as the Mesa itself grows.
Timothy Sackton: In some ways, I believe chicken is in some way the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: So I have always believed that she built that place she caused it to grow out of the stone.
Seeker: Is there some sense in which the Mesa has become chickens body.
Timothy Sackton: i've always believed that yes.
Seeker: it's a strange and beautiful idea I don't know quite what to do with it, this change my impression of what it might mean to move the heart from one place to another if it's still within the Mesa.
Seeker: But we have no way of knowing where it is now doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's another great question yeah is there a way to track the press this is there some the hearts have some kind of a signal a way for us to European.
Timothy Sackton: Central would know.
Timothy Sackton: The supreme Oracle was always the guardian and keeper of the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is if if we go to the wellspring and she is not there there's no evidence of her where do you have any idea where she may have gone or where where she could possibly be.
Timothy Sackton: If there is nothing at the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: No, I.
Timothy Sackton: least find clues.
Timothy Sackton: If you travel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of like looks over to the city, just to make the shape, you know this is good, this is basically like the mirror, you know it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will collect some some sand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bird up in there and see the you know learn.
Rev. David (he/him): and grow, so it strikes me that we aren't meant to know where this place is.
Rev. David (he/him): You told us so that we could go and find cintron if we do concentric help us forget it again.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: The ways of sure Khun are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mysterious.
Timothy Sackton: But with the heart in her possession.
Timothy Sackton: There is much that the supreme Oracle could do that.
Timothy Sackton: is not that is miraculous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the you raise a very strong and interesting point if those shadows from garage good followed us here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may be some way or somehow we're being tracked and if we are, if we do find the wellspring when we find the wellspring I wonder if there's if we're in danger of endangering the wellspring just by traveling there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it feels like there's nothing we have to go, but I wonder if there's a way for us to hide our shock somehow or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Rev. David (he/him): When those shadows following us through.
Rev. David (he/him): This world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kind of looks at a adult with.
Seeker: We do have a shadow expert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You kind of go there every day, or at least the region there.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think I can answer these questions, though it's more instinct and science.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope one day sooner than later, you have the opportunity to truly study this phenomenon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One day, you may reach into pull the sword, and who knows what's going to come out the other side I don't know.
Rev. David (he/him): That would be fascinating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be your fascination with shit that would scare the Fuck out of everybody else's fascinating.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm real quick, so I think I can get away from whatever comes out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: faster than shadows.
Mike (Delwath): Just faster than.
Mike (Delwath): than the rest of us, I think, is the theory.
Rev. David (he/him): We can match.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, you and I, in a race Now this is true natural natural dexterity I like this as a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a little competition, we should engage in on our travels but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else, we want to ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can dress a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rest well and care for this die, we will return as soon as we can and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully, with the heart, hopefully with her child and the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Please do, and he says wait before you go.
Timothy Sackton: Please wait here for a moment to have something to give you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: healing mud.
Timothy Sackton: he's out of that he he walks out of the room, he comes back a month later, with this.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a scroll case but but it looks old and kind of falling apart any any.
Timothy Sackton: brings us I.
Timothy Sackton: do not know if one of you has the capability of of using this but um any unrolls this and it's it's a piece of paper that has.
Timothy Sackton: Like mystical writing on it, and he says this contains the the energy of a spell of sending that will allow you to send a message.
Timothy Sackton: or short message, not many words to anybody.
Seeker: Okay, very good one of those um.
Timothy Sackton: We have very few of them.
Timothy Sackton: If you would take this and then.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me.
Timothy Sackton: When you arrive, if you find anything that would be.
Timothy Sackton: A great reassurance to me.
Timothy Sackton: If there's any of you who knows this kind of magic and could use such as.
Seeker: Such a thing, I believe I have the ability to use it and it is a powerful tool for which we are grateful.
Seeker: What you're requesting is.
Seeker: Once we've investigated the wellspring will send a message back to you.
Timothy Sackton: Please, yes, tell me what you find.
Seeker: And just to confirm TIM now, I do have to have those.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, now you have to.
Seeker: If.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a question for you, when you when you respond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have the ability to suppress.
Timothy Sackton: I can respond, but also very short the magic is not.
Timothy Sackton: The magic does not allow for long conversations, but just a short reply.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 140 characters.
Timothy Sackton: On Twitter it's not new Twitter.
Seeker: Just to review, I also have a speak with the dead, one and we, we had a tongues one which I used to understand garage I think.
Seeker: Yes, no, we have to sending in one speak with it.
We correct.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else you want to do in town before you start heading south.
Timothy Sackton: So I assume you know you take some time to resupply the you know the from whatever stores are left in town, you can.
Timothy Sackton: get enough food for the journey restock on arrows you know all of the sort of mundane stuff that you know the food is writing a bit.
Timothy Sackton: And CARA, given that the Center has been kind of hunting out the area and all their stores were destroyed but not so low that it's you know, in a month, it might be compressing.
Timothy Sackton: But at the moment, not a big issue.
Timothy Sackton: And you sat out so it's about.
Timothy Sackton: 30 to 40 miles.
Timothy Sackton: If you really pushed you can make it there in.
Timothy Sackton: Like a day and a half, probably, if you want to try and you know be quiet stealthy not draw a lot of attention to yourself, it would it's more like two to three days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A ladder.
Seeker: That was kendra suggestion yeah.
A lot.
Mike (Delwath): quieter the better, I think.
Seeker: agreed and we're traveling over top of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And well being and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jakarta apart.
Seeker: Cod.
Mike (Delwath): Cod cod.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you able to scout ahead with your with your beasts.
Yes.
John Leeker (he/him/his): For 12 I can send a bird for 12 hours six hours they're six hours back.
Rev. David (he/him): 11 hours better than me.
Seeker: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Diversity name I can send the bird out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you probably want to wait to like to like the middle of the night, so that well you gotta you gotta decide, you could.
Timothy Sackton: If you wanted to get there either dawn or twilight and then return sex our journey i'm going to say you know can certainly go.
Timothy Sackton: 25 miles.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're going if you're going if you're if you're traveling stealthily then you'll have gone in you'll go maybe 15 ish miles a day across the top of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Say noon on the second day you could send it out and have a scouting report back to you by.
Timothy Sackton: dawn of the of your last day on the Mesa is probably the most likely.
Timothy Sackton: So you had across the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: Namaste Mesa itself is.
Timothy Sackton: crumbling.
Timothy Sackton: broken.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like the rocks are rotating around you but but somehow your path always remains clear like there will be a giant Crevasse that opens up feet right.
Timothy Sackton: Or you know sand and rock start a small rockslide 100 feet behind you.
Timothy Sackton: But through your entire journey, like, for the first first day of travel on top of the Mesa hot tiring day in the sun trying to stick to the shadows as much as he can, despite the fact that the Mesa is sort of crumbling around you it never seems to affect you.
Timothy Sackton: same On your second day you wake up and you see you know there's been a bit of a collapse almost forming a semi circular wall around the side of of your camp providing some shade and protection.
Timothy Sackton: And as you set out again like the.
Timothy Sackton: The desert itself seems to clear itself out to provide smooth travel for your journey alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good vibes or bad vibes to.
Timothy Sackton: make a religion check.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely doesn't feel like evil it's kind of it's sort of mysterious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Can I do a nature check to see like.
John Leeker (he/him/his): What wildlife is out there what's the train I using my experience as a DRUID um.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I, you know as you as you travel kind of on this, the morning of the second day it's it's very naturally quiet up here.
Timothy Sackton: You know deserts are in this part of the day, are usually quiet, but this kind of rocky desert shouldn't be that quiet in.
Timothy Sackton: You know dusk and dawn right and you notice this particularly true God is your sort of picking up the morning of your first night camping so the morning of your second day.
Timothy Sackton: there's not the sort of chirping of of crickets or the the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the song of cactus rent or something that you expat.
Timothy Sackton: kind of in this in this terrain, it seems just very quiet and what you do your sound like.
Timothy Sackton: rocks creaking like the ground shifting not animals.
Seeker: Perhaps cocoon herself is protecting us.
Seeker: Hopefully there's some way, we could communicate directly with her through the stone itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can detect magic right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Dallas can detect magic you can detect.
Timothy Sackton: Good and Evil you can detect the presence of undead or.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Can I.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Have a question it's up a non standard use of a spell.
John Leeker (he/him/his): card sensing that something the stone is alive, I want to use my meld into stone spell and see what it feels like to be part of this unnatural stone.
Timothy Sackton: Ah sure i'm make wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: it's just a straight wisdom all.
Mike (Delwath): um i'm gonna.
Mike (Delwath): Use face site well he's doing this.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend a minute you spend some time sort of concentrating on on set on this ritual to.
Timothy Sackton: See magic it's drink hot it's.
Timothy Sackton: Oh it's hard to get us a very clear sense of exactly what is like what this feels like the one thing that is quite clear to you, having like done this and in the mountains and sort of your homeland is this doesn't feel like natural stuff like this isn't.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't a formal this isn't just this isn't just me says, basically, what you you feel like it almost feels it almost feels like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's.
Timothy Sackton: things move like.
Timothy Sackton: Not like in a creepy way but it's like there's like little vines kind of creeping through the rock or like little and skirting but it's not it's it's like the rocket south, but you don't hard to really sort of clear sense beyond that.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see any magic.
Seeker: i'm going to use my.
Seeker: mold earth ability, with the vague notion of communicating directly through shapes stone.
Seeker: or whatever presence is here animating the stone.
Seeker: I mean, in addition to us.
Seeker: Until i'll look into my memory of seeing the heart.
Seeker: Because we did see it at the initiation didn't we.
Can so.
Seeker: And and recreate in relief on the ground, an image of the heart of Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well everybody's doing this 10 so like you know they were like everybody's trying to commune with the Mesa basically so get get 10s is going to do the same thing hands it's going to get a vibe out and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will will will meditate and employ all ritual tactics that he can think of related to the schema maka she can etc to just try me with that with the gods.
Seeker: Okay try.
Timothy Sackton: yeah ah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: For nothing really happens when you like try and make an image of the heart i'm kenza you don't.
Timothy Sackton: Again sort of like well well actually go ahead and roll a wisdom check just straight wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come all wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You you don't get up you don't like get a have a clear message, or anything like that you don't feel like somebody's talking to you.
Timothy Sackton: But you definitely get the feeling that this Mesa is is again more than stone like somehow there is part of the Mesa that is aware of you, even if it's not responding in conversation to you, you sort of feel like somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That stone and I still say Vanessa.
Seeker: well.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah this isn't the right thing to do.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, you all, are doing this will be tells baxter to keep an eye on all of these people.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna do like a big circle around the camp, to see if we're being followed or just just get the lay of the land.
Seeker: And like actual adulthood practical responsibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: I can make a perception check welby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands up kensal pulls out some psychedelic mushrooms, and out of his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks everybody peace.
Seeker: Secret puts on his special goggles.
Rev. David (he/him): Meanwhile, will be looks for danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very well.
I mean.
Seeker: I can't i'll do the important work here.
Rev. David (he/him): At least one of us has to be focused on this realm of exist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I roll something for the sell side so.
Timothy Sackton: Now i'm sending you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exciting.
Seeker: I cast reduced on the Mesa to cut our travel time and.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I just realized I literally have a spell that allows me to talk to stone or I forgot to use it.
Seeker: it's not too late.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Well, I can still do it, but I think we may be exhausted our knowledge Center will give us but it literally allows me to talk to stone with words.
Seeker: But the stone doesn't have the ability to talk back so.
John Leeker (he/him/his): It does know it can talk back to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What spells is.
John Leeker (he/him/his): It called sound of the earth you wouldn't be plants rocks or other natural formations within 30 feet of you, with women sentience giving them the ability to communicate with you and follow your simple commands.
John Leeker (he/him/his): stones are not as good, I can tell plants to do some things to stones and are particularly responsive to commands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow maybe you should save that, but when we get closer to the wellspring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty sweet.
Seeker: yeah weird.
So.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody happy you don't see any danger well be seems you I mean actually that's not quite sure you do see like cracks in the earth, you see um you know rock for me like arches that have collapsed, you see signs of wreckage as soon as you get about 30 feet from your camp.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't see anything moving.
Rev. David (he/him): have preferred something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's keep on now that we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hanging out with a living.
Timothy Sackton: Insurance data so.
Timothy Sackton: Day to.
Timothy Sackton: You had out.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: moving again southward again on the Mesa and and, as you travel South you.
Timothy Sackton: You almost get the sense that there's something following you.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing, you can see, and around noon you send your Raven off right God.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing, you can really clearly see or or perceive it, you know you sort of look back over your show it's it's that it's that feeling like that sort of almost deja vu like sense that there's something in the room, and you turn around and you look and there's nothing there.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't feel.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a horror film kind of feeling right it feels.
Timothy Sackton: in some way, oddly comforting like there's somebody kind of watching your back more than there's somebody.
Timothy Sackton: stocking you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I should have asked dress that is share more about chimeras bora.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wonder interest presence is here.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As the day continues.
Timothy Sackton: Now you getting to within about five miles 10 510 miles of the.
Timothy Sackton: southern edge of the Mesa or presumably this stone formation, is the terrain itself as a lot more is just like shattered rock everywhere it's like except for your path it's all just like difficult rubble and it would be hard to travel through.
Timothy Sackton: And as you settle in for the night.
Timothy Sackton: Derek odd will come to your i'm going to set us up for a short break here and then we'll come to your.
Timothy Sackton: Report of the Raven after the break as you settle in for the night um.
Timothy Sackton: You you sort of feel this.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost as if somebody sits down somebody you can't quite see sits down at your campsite with you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know each of you kind of feels.
Timothy Sackton: A bit of a of a different sense of this presence um well be.
Timothy Sackton: For you, as this as you're sitting down you're sort of making your meal you're doing the normal evening things it almost feels like there's somebody kind of pointing things out to you sort of explaining the world around you like saying notice that pay attention to that.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: for you to record it, it seems like somebody is is.
Timothy Sackton: smoothing the ground around you as you walk it's like this person is this essence this presences is giving you a sense of the path through.
Timothy Sackton: Difficult places um.
Timothy Sackton: seeker for you.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The presence you feel the presence around you for a moment and then.
Timothy Sackton: And then it sort of goes away it fades and as you're looking as you're sort of looking around where did this go.
Timothy Sackton: You can see.
Timothy Sackton: Something as you're sort of looking at the rocks you're looking at the objects around you can see.
Timothy Sackton: kind of the magic inherent in everything and you feel like if you just reached out you could.
Timothy Sackton: twist something and bring it alive.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see um kenzo as you as you are sort of walking around you see.
Timothy Sackton: You see, almost a picture of the plane of consciousness super imposed on the real world, you see um you see lights, where people are thinking and you see how these peoples or as are constructed and you see the wrinkles and the twists that you could.
Timothy Sackton: grab at to cause pain or healing.
Timothy Sackton: Down with as this sort of presence approaches you.
Timothy Sackton: Following behind you.
Timothy Sackton: You can never quite see it and you feel something out something.
Timothy Sackton: familiar.
Timothy Sackton: also eagerly trying to find this presence, the voice that you have heard many times.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it does.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you see this as well that was shadow kind of separates from him and begins to kind of move around looking for something, and you see you see you feel that with the control over this.
Timothy Sackton: phenomenon and as this presence fades.
Timothy Sackton: there's sort of a whisper you will need.
Timothy Sackton: All the strength, I can give you.
Timothy Sackton: An address off, as you all reach level six, and that is where we'll stop for a 10 minute break level up during the break or right after the break.
Timothy Sackton: Come back around 1010 Eastern time little after and then we'll get to this morning scouting report.
awesome.
Seeker: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: book is that giving us strength.
Seeker: must be.
must be.
Mike (Delwath): yeah That would be my guess.
Seeker: i'm.
Seeker: Good level up.
Seeker: I go to the builder thing.
Timothy Sackton: That just does a little drop down just change your level sex.
Timothy Sackton: grab a new spouse plus.
Timothy Sackton: animating objects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a character.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah edit character Mike are you happy with that, by the way.
Mike (Delwath): Yes, but I don't did you put it in D amp D beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you probably need to re select your.
Timothy Sackton: Because when you add it a homebrew sub class are you.
Timothy Sackton: Are you.
Mike (Delwath): I do I need to change my hold on.
Timothy Sackton: You need to go from hacks blade to the.
Timothy Sackton: Whole class.
Mike (Delwath): let's see how do I do that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, gotta change your patron.
Seeker: it's my performance of creation Max size increase now.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Seeker: What is large.
Timothy Sackton: largest by 10.
Seeker: that's a shitload of medium.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me the screen bye.
Timothy Sackton: bye though the by the value.
Timothy Sackton: Of the coffee you can't create a giant the cost, it can be, but you could break it out 10 by 10 structure of stone or something.
yeah.
Seeker: Well that's brokers and then the enemy whoo.
Seeker: dancing item.
Seeker: has hit points cheese.
Seeker: Have 40 uses of it was me.
Timothy Sackton: Know that's that's that's points you can use it once and when you created, it has 40 hit points.
pricing.
Timothy Sackton: And it can like tack or fly or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: And then, if you want to use it again, you can spend a spouse lot.
Seeker: I see like to take a bonus action to command it to take another action, aside from Tajik all right.
Seeker: it's a sorry my and then for spells I can.
Timothy Sackton: Do what you learn one new spell.
Seeker: One new spell okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you can swap out one old spell for any new spell.
Timothy Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I swore if you want to, but.
Seeker: I swapped out one already before.
Seeker: Oh, it so did that change now that i'm I leveled up no I only have up to third level spell still okay.
Timothy Sackton: You still only have third level spells you need one more level to get fourth level spells.
Seeker: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: thing I would say is um.
Timothy Sackton: You probably like just looking through the spells you have like almost everything you have requires concentration.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm which basically means you can only cast one spell.
Timothy Sackton: At a time, and you have almost no first level spells you might want to grab a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a non concentration.
Timothy Sackton: 33rd level and a non concentration first level or something like.
Timothy Sackton: Is there a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: Our spouse what.
Seeker: Is there a way to sort on concentration.
Timothy Sackton: there's not, unfortunately, the ones have little see next to them or concentration.
Seeker: OK, I see I see.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you have a lot of second level spouse.
And they're mostly concentration.
Seeker: Which is it.
Timothy Sackton: Which means except for shatter, which means that, basically, you can pick one of those things that you want to do in combat.
Timothy Sackton: and especially things like like Maximilian is there some grasp can be an enlarged reduce have like are pretty versatile at so a suggestion, but like cloud of data as you're pretty much only using combat.
Timothy Sackton: not really much use for cloud for daggers besides combat and so you have to think, are you ever going to want to cast that instead of in larger juice or heat metal or.
Timothy Sackton: Maximum aliens earth and graph or something like that.
Seeker: Oh, I see because those are all saved the racial.
Timothy Sackton: effects because they're all things that last for a minute, while you maintain concentration, so you can't cast heat metal and then cast cloud of doctors.
Seeker: And I didn't really realize that okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's useful to have a few non concentrations so like something like.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to stick to the.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean for.
Timothy Sackton: third level spouse something like you know erupting Earth.
Seeker: I was just looking at that one.
Timothy Sackton: Is not concentration and is like probably, generally speaking, always going to be more useful than cloud of daggers and combat.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to resolve the one that is pretty limited, except for in combat use, but like it's definitely better than cloud of daggers.
Seeker: i'm going to remove cloud of daggers.
Seeker: and
Seeker: Do erupting Earth.
Timothy Sackton: And then you probably want a first level spell besides healing work because you have for first level slots, I mean yeah you can save them all for healing where that's fine, but like catapult or that quicksand spell that I just added or.
Seeker: Oh what's that one called.
Seeker: crooks in.
Seeker: A concentration spell but.
Seeker: it's interesting.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that gives you a bunch of choices in terms of like you can decide, you want to like make kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Strong or you can decide.
Seeker: or welby.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Your animate objects doesn't use concentration, so you can.
or.
Timothy Sackton: You can do that, first, and then you can.
Timothy Sackton: cast the concentration spouse and then your third turn you can.
Timothy Sackton: Cast one of your non concentration spouse that gets you decently into combat.
Seeker: I see I see alright, so now that i've added.
Seeker: erupting Earth.
Seeker: What what do I still have.
Seeker: Remaining.
Timothy Sackton: pertains so that's that's all the spells you got.
Timothy Sackton: To remove.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you want to remove one to add a new another new one right.
Seeker: So, for example, does.
Seeker: Earth.
Seeker: Effectively replace shatter.
Timothy Sackton: It could.
Timothy Sackton: The only advantage or chatter that's only a second level slot instead of a third level slot but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly erupting rf could it does more damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it has a bigger area so it's in many ways, better than shopper right.
John Leeker (he/him/his): How do we level up.
Timothy Sackton: So go to.
Timothy Sackton: Go to the little like builder thing.
Timothy Sackton: The little anvil thing on your end beyond character and then just um.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh that's easy.
yep.
John Leeker (he/him/his): No, I will six.
Seeker: Ah man yeah what am I gonna do with all this first little spill slots.
Timothy Sackton: I mean having a few leftover for healing word is always useful like that's a useful spell.
True.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Seeker: I mean rid of shatter.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point you're you have three third level slots and three second level thoughts.
Timothy Sackton: So, like how often I mean yo you don't necessarily need to use the first level slots that often.
Seeker: True.
Timothy Sackton: So you could just leave it for now and then.
Timothy Sackton: I mean what other fun.
Timothy Sackton: What other fun things did I add.
Seeker: I mean catapult in quicksand are both of interest for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: So you could drop shatter for.
Timothy Sackton: catapult the nice thing about catapult is that.
Timothy Sackton: Is that it sometimes you want to spell that just targets one.
Timothy Sackton: You don't always want an area of effect.
Timothy Sackton: If you're in great quarters and you want and catapult could be useful if you just need to move things around right.
Seeker: So.
Seeker: well.
Timothy Sackton: kind of does damage to them, but.
Seeker: i've learned, also in the Meta Meta game area when to mention something.
Seeker: it's probably a good idea to pay attention to.
That.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not, I think it's more.
Timothy Sackton: You want to make sure you have a couple of non concentration spells but shatter verse catapult I think it's both equally.
Timothy Sackton: Good and it's totally whatever flavor you prefer that I would pick.
Seeker: i'm going to remove.
Seeker: shatter which is, if I have enjoyed using it.
Seeker: to break things.
Timothy Sackton: And if you never use catapult you kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Go back to shatter.
Seeker: yeah alright so remove shadows experimenting here and catapult and then for that.
Seeker: Oh it's showed up at second level.
Timothy Sackton: Why, because you can cast it at hi.
Seeker: I see I see I see great okay.
Timothy Sackton: And okay everybody gag.
Timothy Sackton: When.
John Leeker (he/him/his): She gained more hip points and more spell thoughts, is that about it.
Timothy Sackton: You can prepare one extra spell as well.
Timothy Sackton: And you also can ignore difficult terrain.
Seeker: well.
Timothy Sackton: As a land DRUID.
Timothy Sackton: everybody gets different stuff.
Mike (Delwath): I still need to pick one more spell.
Timothy Sackton: But okay.
Mike (Delwath): i'm working on that I didn't realize I needed I didn't realize I got another spell so I didn't really think about it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: As the morning comes.
Timothy Sackton: About 10 you're about 10 miles from the southern edge of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess, this would actually be in the middle of the night but we'll just say it's in the morning for narrative purposes i'm the silver Raven comes flying back and.
Timothy Sackton: whispers to recall that are says to all of you and and what the Raven communicates as it flew over the southern edge of the Mesa is that.
Timothy Sackton: There is indeed a circle of stone trees.
Timothy Sackton: And around the circle of stone trees.
Timothy Sackton: lazing around our.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 15.
Timothy Sackton: gallatin mix of skeletons and.
Timothy Sackton: what's delay vicious booking wild dogs and a few creatures that look like.
Timothy Sackton: almost like humanoid hyenas with nasty looking long bows and many arrows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's this time.
Timothy Sackton: Around the stone trees.
Mike (Delwath): I mean 15 skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: 15 creek around 15 creatures total.
Timothy Sackton: Best country in the world.
Seeker: I can.
Seeker: shoot out so so.
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles South you.
Rev. David (he/him): need like good choke points between here and there, where we wouldn't have 15 all around us at once.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty open terrain.
Timothy Sackton: This this like southern edge is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the whole Mesa has been pretty open in the sense that there's not a lot of like can't it's basically just the flat top of a Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: it's just it's just all sort of difficult to pass through as there's sort of crumbled rocks and sort of these crevasses that open but there's not there's not a lot the terrain doesn't include much in the way of.
Timothy Sackton: Like Canyon walls or choke points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than 15 skeletons what other than the hyenas.
Timothy Sackton: And stuff it's like 15 ish creatures that are a mix of skeletons humanoid Hyena like creature creatures with bows and arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Some creatures that looks sort of like weathered almost like dried out.
Timothy Sackton: bodies of of like these humanoid creatures, but still moving somehow a few vicious wild dogs.
Timothy Sackton: of some kind.
Seeker: And what does this tell us about what's inside the grove of trees.
Seeker: Maybe nothing.
Seeker: But its interior is hidden from the air, by the trees belief learned.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
John Leeker (he/him/his): It could also be more.
John Leeker (he/him/his): creatures underneath the trees that the Raven did not see.
Seeker: If we can get within a mile I may be able to look inside.
John Leeker (he/him/his): How far are we away now.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe eight miles.
Rev. David (he/him): How windy is it today.
Timothy Sackton: it's like it's been the last month it's common hot the winds don't really come for another month or so when them on CNN start blowing off that.
Timothy Sackton: off the ocean and reaching this far north.
Rev. David (he/him): With the most stream that I got I can explode a 20 foot radius of thick black obscuring smoke, I mean we could we get closer, we could put that between us and them to.
Rev. David (he/him): neutralize the ones with long bows.
Seeker: I can also.
Seeker: shape embankments around us as we go, it will slow our travel down.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can assist you with that I can shape earth as well.
John Leeker (he/him/his): To provide cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the earth move with us and provide cover like like a phalanx as we walk forward.
Rev. David (he/him): What if what if one of us runs ahead and draw them back.
Seeker: What do you mean.
Rev. David (he/him): I give baxter a pat on the back.
Seeker: i'm.
Seeker: very interesting i've never actually worked with someone else that could do this.
John Leeker (he/him/his): it's very useful in the mountains.
John Leeker (he/him/his): We can.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I believe we can have two at a time to mountains by is a can trip, so I can also use it.
John Leeker (he/him/his): As much as I want right damn.
Seeker: And same for me as well.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So we can provide cover continuously.
Seeker: But only for me, it will use if the ground is sufficiently loose that it's movable.
Timothy Sackton: This right, where you're standing now is like pretty much solid rock so you couldn't really excavate it with a molder.
it's true.
Timothy Sackton: The Raven is not entirely clear what the ground cover was, as you get closer whether it's Sandia.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can cast a shadow that moves with us for one hour protecting all of us from detection.
John Leeker (he/him/his): If we want to get close at once we won't protect us once the battle starts by can get all of us as close as we would like.
Seeker: This might be odd, but I could also create.
Seeker: A living boulder.
Seeker: That walks along in front of us it wouldn't be all that large.
Seeker: TIM, this is basically true right like I can make.
Seeker: Some and feet wide.
Seeker: And made of stone.
Timothy Sackton: How long is i'll ask for.
Seeker: I think an hour with this is combining performance of creation, which last three hours with animating performance, which last one hour.
Timothy Sackton: one hour.
Timothy Sackton: The boulder would move for one hour and then stay wherever it stopped moving for two hours.
Seeker: And it would be up to yeah 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: You could basically make a 10 foot yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet by 10 feet, it could be pretty big.
Seeker: Just imagining us all hunched over behind this totally non suspicious walking boulder.
Seeker: out otherwise blends in with the.
countryside.
Mike (Delwath): I was trying to take my spouse oh I.
Mike (Delwath): might have missed something, but how far away, is.
Mike (Delwath): Are these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: are about eight miles okay.
Seeker: So we're already hiding.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am obviously the most effective I need to be near these creatures to to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kick their asses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though adele with I wonder if you can lend me your end visibility, so I can avoid their their long range weapons to get close.
Seeker: But if, if I can get within a mile will be able to look directly inside that the.
Seeker: The growth.
Mike (Delwath): I think we should go closer first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Do we need to fight them.
Mike (Delwath): I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're almost certainly going to have to I did yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): We only need to kill them.
Seeker: From the description that thankfully from the description there's there's the one entrance at the top, this sort of stairway.
Seeker: And is the stairway on the side that we're approaching do we know.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so that the.
Timothy Sackton: creatures at the Raven scouted are kind of in and around the stone trees that mark this and the stairway entrance to the grove.
Seeker: There at the entrance yeah yeah.
Seeker: So if we can get within a mile without being seen by them.
Seeker: my card.
Mike (Delwath): With our all skeleton create remind me again what kinds of creatures, we saw we don't really.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know some skeleton some things that from the description are probably knows, but they were described as kind of weather skin and like drawn in on themselves.
Timothy Sackton: So some.
Timothy Sackton: Some, like creatures that are more.
Timothy Sackton: seems slightly less.
Timothy Sackton: weather no type creatures.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not a super clear description of exactly what they always.
Mike (Delwath): There any of them that seemed bigger and more powerful than others.
Seeker: This is a bird we're talking about.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, this is a.
John Leeker (he/him/his): caliber.
Mike (Delwath): vegan widow right.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: Non that are larger than Midi then they're all the same stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, if there's any that are like more powerful the.
Mike (Delwath): Mind no but.
Mike (Delwath): I was just like is there a giant skeleton the size.
Mike (Delwath): And man or anything like that.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So maybe we could.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So sorry I know your character names yet.
Timothy Sackton: change your zoom names to your character.
Seeker: yeah when we did that.
John Leeker (he/him/his): would actually be very awkward for my work tomorrow and I forget.
Timothy Sackton: hey i've started a work call with one of my tag our backgrounds, as my virtual backgrounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know that all the time, every day, I.
Mike (Delwath): do that.
Mike (Delwath): Because I don't even use to I barely use zoom at work, so I never remember.
Mike (Delwath): When we use.
Mike (Delwath): Microsoft teams for everything.
Mike (Delwath): Right so.
Mike (Delwath): When I occasionally have something.
Timothy Sackton: It was it was it was when I had the map up when we were doing micro go actually.
Seeker: Oh Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So it's even more obvious, but then like half of my group, plays the end anyway so they're like.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Nice understandable.
So.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Why don't.
John Leeker (he/him/his): A character needs to sneak up sorry so could we hide behind the boulder to distract and draw the enemy fire and those that need to be close can be sneaking up from behind and the pincer movement.
Mike (Delwath): I think we should go nearby like within a mile and and do a proper scout with with seekers are seeing is.
Seeker: The Kirsten me to.
Seeker: This boulder I was mentioning I haven't to be fair, done this before, but it would be an interesting experiment, the boulder that could walk up and we could sneak up behind it, I think, actually, I could make that thing fly.
Seeker: with at least one of us, maybe two on it.
Seeker: which seems dangerous but interesting.
Seeker: So I wanted to just simply bypass.
Seeker: The whole entrance itself and just crash right through the roof of the curve.
Seeker: On our flying coulter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the grub doesn't have a roof right it's just an array.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it doesn't have a roof.
Timothy Sackton: there's a so.
Timothy Sackton: The way it was described to you by kendra was there's the.
Timothy Sackton: stone trees stairway into a slot Canyon the slot Canyon continues for some distance opens up into this giant bowl that's six with like super tall cliffs around that.
Mike (Delwath): But can we just.
Mike (Delwath): fly into bypass the entrance and goes to the slot Canyon.
Rev. David (he/him): We could maybe the flame boulder helps, but I also wonder.
Seeker: A boulder.
Rev. David (he/him): If we want to put.
Rev. David (he/him): 10 cubic feet of stone behind them so that they can't go down into the slot Canyon cut off their escape.
Seeker: Now you're talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we can bypass the slot Canyon get over to where the ball is and then walk it off and then escape out with control or whatever is in the.
Mike (Delwath): wellspring again um let's move seven miles closer and get a better sense of what is actually.
Seeker: yeah I agree.
Rev. David (he/him): We can see less as we get closer.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Yes, for I believe one hour.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's say that first yourself.
John Leeker (he/him/his): In a show where we cannot be detected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's definitely do that.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So.
Seeker: We cancel out for Dell with.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike (Delwath): Young people in your shadow prejudices.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you teaching critical shadow theory.
Mike (Delwath): start a critical shadow theory Academy.
Mike (Delwath): shadow diversity.
Mike (Delwath): Training i'm how not to judge people by their dimensionality.
Timothy Sackton: So, so one hour get you like three to four miles, so I guess, so you go you just travel normally the first.
Timothy Sackton: Half of the distance.
Timothy Sackton: And then so so everybody make make.
Timothy Sackton: Make stuff back.
Seeker: Can you guys all right.
Timothy Sackton: But with 10 from data is around.
Seeker: With wiser.
Timothy Sackton: 10.
Mike (Delwath): All right, would you say something 10.
Timothy Sackton: Plus 10.
John Leeker (he/him/his): years from now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, from trick godspell.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you try the first the first half of the distance is kind of an eventful but, as you, you get close enough that you can see, this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: off in the distance, you can see the circle of the stone trees and now start to get a little nervous that something might see you moving trick odd cast a spell and um.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like the desert itself kind of rises up around you so that does like.
Timothy Sackton: it's not that there's like boulders moving to give you cover something, but as you're not, I mean the terrain is pretty rapidly, so there is cover that you can move through.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're navigating every time you like go into like free these boulder terrain, or something the shadow is just kind of wrap around a little bit and just make it really hard to see you.
Timothy Sackton: And so you travel let's see yeah everybody with a plus 10 everybody will quite well i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 32 years the stealthiest can.
read his entire yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's just like nobody can see kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And you pause about a mile north of this circle, now the circle of stones tree is about a mile distance is obvious if small on the.
horizon.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Mike (Delwath): time of day, is it.
Timothy Sackton: it's now I mean you've been going pretty slow so it's I would say mid afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: edging towards late afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Given that you've been sneaking for the past.
Timothy Sackton: Seven miles.
Rev. David (he/him): Are we bringing our mounts with us at this point.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question Where are you.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you're right it you're bringing baxter are you.
Rev. David (he/him): Will the for leaving the horses.
Rev. David (he/him): i'd leave baxter to watch out for them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, now.
Seeker: This time, still in house question I think now.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will work if we don't if we don't bring horses, that means we're definitely staying and killing them all, because there's not gonna be any way to escape which we just totally fine I mean.
John Leeker (he/him/his): it's always trying to sneak out or something as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can.
Mike (Delwath): fly out on a giant boulder summoned by seeker.
Seeker: I think there's I think we can fly like maybe one of us, at a time, those problem.
Seeker: Not a not a school bus is playing.
Timothy Sackton: So you can fly well the plus one other person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You still making the giant kenza.
Seeker: Oh yes, Oh yes, I can do that, but I don't know if I can do that I can I do that at the same time as the other things, yes okay.
Seeker: But you probably couldn't fit on the flying thing if you're that big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: purpose of john cancer, would be to just kill everybody.
Seeker: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would not be to escape, it would be the killer that you're trying.
Rev. David (he/him): So we leave the mouse yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And I think i'll tell baxter for not back by like sunset tomorrow or sunrise tomorrow, take the horses back to the Mesa.
Timothy Sackton: I go.
Seeker: Back to CARA.
Mike (Delwath): CARA CARA.
Rev. David (he/him): Just like we could go into the force and come out like 30 years later.
Mike (Delwath): that's true.
Rev. David (he/him): All this would have been solved.
Timothy Sackton: Or you are so you're a mile away, are you Catholic clairvoyance.
Seeker: Oh, we made it.
Seeker: A mile away excellent, yes I.
Seeker: withdraw into myself sketching tiny.
Seeker: rooms of vision in the air.
Seeker: And oh I gotta how's that work again I need to describe the place that I want to place my clairvoyance.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can see the stone, if you want to place that at the circle, the stone circle, the circle of stone trees, you can see it, a mile away so you can just say.
Timothy Sackton: In the Center of that thing I can see a mile away.
Seeker: Yes, alright, so I will cast clairvoyance and place my eye at the Center of the spring of stone trees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait before you do that if you do that can we see what's happening in the wellspring if we only see what's happening in the like he moves it.
Timothy Sackton: Or, as you can move at once you cast that.
Seeker: yeah this is.
Timothy Sackton: The wellsprings too far away it's right at the edge of the rain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah.
Seeker: I was only able to see crush through inference about the shape of the structure that we could see me outside of so yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this is what you see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Seeker: So enroll 20.
yep.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh there's.
Seeker: some bad news all around oh there's quite a number of that it's.
Mike (Delwath): me it's.
Timothy Sackton: These fans are the stone trees I couldn't find exactly stone trees.
Rev. David (he/him): What are you.
Mike (Delwath): yeah could you tell us a little bit about what these things look.
Timothy Sackton: Like now all of these things with this kind of icon are like skeletal creatures that look.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, look like look like skeletons there's like some bits of flash kind of dropping off of them and they're now that you can see, with seekers vision they're almost like their heads are almost high you know, like informed, but their bodies are skeletal all of all of these ones.
Timothy Sackton: These ones here are.
Timothy Sackton: Our nose.
Timothy Sackton: As our are these these these these four sort of scattered around are other nodes that have long bows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Long Range yeah.
Timothy Sackton: This one, and they also look i'm a bit.
Timothy Sackton: weather like they're not they don't look like fresh healthy happy knows their like their skin is drawn there God there you know clearly the flashes sort of hanging off and pieces like they're half on dead, but they're not quite skeletal like these.
Timothy Sackton: what's the men a knoll is like a Hyena Hyena Hyena half human demonic creature.
Timothy Sackton: That then.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: There are also some.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of undead looking creatures.
Timothy Sackton: over here that are that are less skeletal and more rotted.
Mike (Delwath): All five of those things.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but five of them they're the these ones, are the most kind of rotted indicating.
Timothy Sackton: This one looks the most intact and these two are sort of in the middle.
Seeker: And what's everybody doing, are they like sitting around.
Mike (Delwath): A scout.
John Leeker (he/him/his): kind of.
Timothy Sackton: That, though, the only ones that seem to be paying much attention are the four archers that for know archers are like clearly kind of have their like quivers set up and they're kind of.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly standing on guard but sort of clearly paying attention the skeletons are all just kind of like milling about sometimes like kind of hinting at each other or trying to grab little scraps of flesh off each other's bones.
Timothy Sackton: These on dead seem to be watching the stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which undead.
These.
Timothy Sackton: These five over here that are more flashy undead.
Mike (Delwath): Did any of them look more.
Mike (Delwath): Powerful speaker stronger better weapons than others.
Timothy Sackton: So the yeah the the four with long bows.
Timothy Sackton: Try these four and then this one here that's the most intact, of the flashy and dad seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Bigger stronger.
John Leeker (he/him/his): And that's so nice looking towards the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: That these five and dad are sort of watching the stairs.
So.
John Leeker (he/him/his): rj.
Rev. David (he/him): watching for something to come out of the stairs.
John Leeker (he/him/his): yeah so are they guarding preventing us from getting to the stairs or somebody leaving the stairs.
Seeker: Little of both I think.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Is there a way I guess always try addressing any character, we are we done with a metal part.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw a couple.
John Leeker (he/him/his): of metal question or.
Timothy Sackton: yeah everybody get their medical questions and then we'll go back to in character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought so slight to see hit points right.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see, like that.
Timothy Sackton: You know I we can we can play around with what works best it's I decided it made more sense to for you to be able to see like level slash challenge rating.
Timothy Sackton: which gives you sort of how strong the point is how strong is this monster hit points are sort of a rough approximation, but challenge rating is better it's effectively equivalent to your level okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you learn that you also learn the strongest and the highest and lowest ability score.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I could do that with can I can I soul site through like this would be cool secret, we should figure out how to do this, I love this, I should like soul site through seekers plan clairvoyants somehow now Bobby like.
Seeker: you'd need some kind of telepathic ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I can remediate that.
Timothy Sackton: Now, because he can only communicate telepathically with one creature, at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At this level, but this will be something cool for the future, like the three of us can like sit there and then like.
Timothy Sackton: us a little mindmeld.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think mindmeld use your clairvoyance and then I can just see how strong all the carrots all the enemies are because, like, I can only do it now as a bonus action right like one, at a time.
Timothy Sackton: it's range of 60 feet and yeah one, at a time.
Seeker: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would be valuable to know what the Fuck what's.
Timothy Sackton: Your sense I mean you, you aren't none of you are all experience in your experience ventures your senses, most of these like skeleton the things that look skeleton ish are not particularly strong right, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the five machine dead things in the end they have along those.
Timothy Sackton: The ones that look like they might be on the stronger side is really just this one ah kind of non rotted fleshy on dead and then the for with long bus.
Timothy Sackton: The rest.
Timothy Sackton: The skeletons don't seem very strong and then these two over here are also like fairly skeletal in appearance and don't seem to have any weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another question on seeker if you turn me into giant kenza what's the benefit of that again.
Seeker: You get stronger and faster, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Every punch deals more damage you do an extra 24 on each every time you hit somebody you do an extra Wendy for that include.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In this a planner power.
Timothy Sackton: I know just just physical attacks just your punches and your staff.
Seeker: Your size doubles your weight is multiplied by eight yes.
Timothy Sackton: You are also quite big you become large.
Seeker: advantage on strengths checks and strength saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a year to get like you know fucking shot, full of arrows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know double my hip points right.
Timothy Sackton: It does not double your high points.
Seeker: yeah it's not yeah it's interesting.
Timothy Sackton: How about you can catch arrows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah forgot about my fucking catching arrows and bring them back straight.
Seeker: always be doing that.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM, can you walk us through the terrain that's there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, so this is like you know desert everything these structures are laid the group of stone trees kind of in a circle around the so each one of these things is look.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of like a stone version of a joshua tree, like it or like those like a mix between a joshua tree and those like plain trees in Europe that are like bear trunk and then spreads out at the top.
Timothy Sackton: So you can you can generally, but these sort of block.
Timothy Sackton: But they're starting to have big thick trunks so these trees both provide some partial cover and also would be difficult terrain, to pass through.
Timothy Sackton: And then these are cliffs that go up each all of this is like a 10 foot elevation gain so you're sort of going up a little bit of a hill right now, these are all sort of up on the top of the Hill and these each of these cliff things represents a 10 foot elevation slope.
John Leeker (he/him/his): How many feet, is a square five feet five feet.
Timothy Sackton: And then these these are stone pillars that are short these don't really provide much these are provide cover to well be there, there are about.
Timothy Sackton: Four or five feet tall, but they may be, to seek her but they when they might provide partial cover to everybody else.
Seeker: Which feature.
Mike (Delwath): Are we on.
Timothy Sackton: Your on the South side the bottom side of the map.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm saying right now you're sort of this corner.
Timothy Sackton: can choose to approach from either this bottom side or or the the the right side over here.
John Leeker (he/him/his): If because of the.
John Leeker (he/him/his): cloaking thing like will we be able to do one attack before they have a chance to move.
Timothy Sackton: You need you still need cover for staff so.
Timothy Sackton: there's enough there's enough.
Timothy Sackton: Clearing that you could probably get to the edge of the map being stealthy but.
Timothy Sackton: This area is just like straight out in the open there's nowhere to hide behind so you'd have to cover about 30 feet before you could hide behind this cliff or behind these trees.
Mike (Delwath): Is there somewhere further back like off the map that we could get to in Hyde.
Mike (Delwath): Like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could probably get within a few hundred feet.
Mike (Delwath): still has civically 120 feet.
wraps.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Here overall.
Mike (Delwath): Of 120 feet of this guy is.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Seeker: So i'd like to discuss the options that involve going directly down by passing the stairs.
Seeker: What are those options.
Mike (Delwath): Perhaps here to this.
Seeker: Oh good.
Mike (Delwath): I just didn't say where did the stairs go.
Timothy Sackton: They go to a slot.
Timothy Sackton: That has like a very, very narrow exposure to this like it's almost it's basically a tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: So leads.
Timothy Sackton: Lead south, which is, which is left on the map for.
Timothy Sackton: 1000 feet, or something until it opens up but it's not straight so some distance like a third of a mile off the map that slot Canyon opens into this bowl.
Mike (Delwath): Why wouldn't we just go away around.
Timothy Sackton: you because you had a way to get down the cliffs.
Seeker: that's the thing the ball has steep sheer sides we've been told, but perhaps with my.
Seeker: newly developed ability to.
Seeker: lift us into the air, on a flying objects, I could ferry us basically one, at a time.
Seeker: From the cliff it down to the bottom.
Mike (Delwath): We could I could ferry us, I could cast the fly.
Seeker: Can you carry someone.
Mike (Delwath): Personally, as a member in good standing of the super weakling club Probably not.
Seeker: But you could perhaps give kenza the ability to fly.
Mike (Delwath): I could.
I could get.
Mike (Delwath): I could give I could give somebody the ability, I could give to people, the ability to fly in sequence every hour.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So I can I have the spider climb ability which allows me to touch a creature and allow them to climb up and down easily as well, we can probably like there's enough.
John Leeker (he/him/his): difficulty that we can all farrier lays down respectively fighting and spider climbing and everything else.
Seeker: it's worth considering, briefly, the question of getting back out again.
Seeker: But maybe we shouldn't think too hard about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, but it's also getting back out again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with children and a baby right.
Seeker: And maybe it.
Seeker: is doing heart.
Rev. David (he/him): It wouldn't be hard to the group behind us hey.
Mike (Delwath): So the downside is that we're going to be embellished when we are fleeing down the slot Canyon we come out of the stairs and they probably our our setup to you know kill whoever comes out of those stairs.
Right.
Seeker: Maybe we're overthinking this we should just try to get over there and look down and see what's in there.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Or we just murder all the monsters.
Mike (Delwath): bit baby we're overthinking this and we should murder all the monsters.
Seeker: yeah there's like five times as many of them as.
Mike (Delwath): yeah, but we have some tricks up our sleeves, I was gonna do it in character, but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's do that you've got your, you have the situation let's.
Do the strategy debate in character.
John Leeker (he/him/his): We must hit the strong one first.
Mike (Delwath): Ah wow or we drive the strong one mad and convince him that all the other creatures are his enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we drive them that and have them killed the archers.
um.
Mike (Delwath): i've learned how to reach into the mind if a creature and force it to be unable to distinguish friend from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: high.
Mike (Delwath): I can't make it killed the archers per se it'll just attack.
Mike (Delwath): whenever it sees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this.
John Leeker (he/him/his): that's a good start, given the quantity is there a way we can funnel them for our spells and attacks to maximize that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Le.
Mike (Delwath): hair attack.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Area of attack, so if we have, I have a lightning spell that's 100 feet long i'll hit anything within the hundred feet, I assume, everybody has certain attacks that benefit from tighter groupings.
John Leeker (he/him/his): And that can help reduce.
Rev. David (he/him): there's a clip here and there's cliffs all the way here I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): This could be know something here if there's a way to funnel them.
Rev. David (he/him): But they have to come through this area or go around.
Seeker: It take out one of my journals and say, let it be officially noted that I have continued to suggest that we could simply bypass this whole.
Seeker: thing is.
Rev. David (he/him): What what skills and tools do we have to reshape the ground.
Seeker: Many.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Many we can, I think, combined we can at least have for.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Raised areas at once, between the two of us.
Seeker: So.
Rev. David (he/him): I know raised and helping.
Mike (Delwath): provide me how high the cliffs are.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet.
Seeker: We can reshape stood, we can also reshape future events using our intelligence.
Seeker: Was bypass encounters.
Seeker: nasty monsters and simply do what we intended to do in the first place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but but i'm secret, how would we escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can't.
Mike (Delwath): figure it.
Mike (Delwath): out, I fear, weaving enemies that our backs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enemies with bows.
Seeker: I think we might.
Seeker: question whether we need to go down those stairs by killing the creatures.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your card has an idea.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I will ask the spirits.
John Leeker (he/him/his): what's that smell Paul DM.
John Leeker (he/him/his): audrey audrey yes.
Mike (Delwath): that's a great idea.
What.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Friends, what should we ask.
Seeker: Who are the spirits you're gonna ask.
John Leeker (he/him/his): The algorithm in finance I can describe it it's very, very cool.
John Leeker (he/him/his): by casting the stakes, I can ask the DM and the DM has to be honest, and I can ask war action have good results bad result, one of the omens good omens battlements good and bad omens or nothing.
Timothy Sackton: I think, for a drink hot, this would probably be asking the like and Taba, the the.
Timothy Sackton: spirit of the mountain that is yes, God if the stone born.
John Leeker (he/him/his): The mountains roots are deep it will listen to us.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Do So are we feel we asked to we, what are the omens for bypassing the.
John Leeker (he/him/his): The platoon of monsters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait maybe we should also understand what is in the bowl that will help us shape our strategy.
Seeker: that's all i'm trying to say that's all i'm trying to say.
Seeker: Like to go fight these guys, we can go around and look in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't we why can't we fly the bird to look.
John Leeker (he/him/his): class.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I have to wait for a while.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can you know.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): cam.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm a little worried being this close though and.
Rev. David (he/him): Calling something down.
Seeker: That attracts attention.
Seeker: we're already bickering in.
Seeker: You know, trying to say, a message.
Rev. David (he/him): How.
Rev. David (he/him): ground.
Mike (Delwath): How far away, is the ball.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
Seeker: I.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can summon my familiar to to look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yes.
Seeker: Please familiar.
John Leeker (he/him/his): DRUID I.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Let me pick that out, yet the actual familiar.
Timothy Sackton: You can it can be whatever you want.
Timothy Sackton: Every that means dominant.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can also like you can transform yourself into an animal if you want, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
Timothy Sackton: I think, for the flavor of deckard it might make more sense to summon familiar yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So I will summon a another bird a small desert appropriate bird that would raise any suspicion.
Seeker: And I send it.
John Leeker (he/him/his): off to look.
John Leeker (he/him/his): into the bowl.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So just just flying.
Timothy Sackton: South like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you don't know where the ball is exactly.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just gonna.
Seeker: Follow the Kenyan.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you mean fly down the stairs.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Why not fly down the stairs.
John Leeker (he/him/his): pigeons flying the subways all the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was getting a shot.
Mike (Delwath): It might.
Mike (Delwath): trigger the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Long does.
Mike (Delwath): It come.
choice.
Timothy Sackton: Just tell me where you're standing at.
John Leeker (he/him/his): it's a familiar, so that I can just a rock can just scurry down the stairs that's normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I feel like any any living thing unless it's like an insect.
mm hmm.
Seeker: too slow.
John Leeker (he/him/his): To move fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's up rick rhoden that moves fast right so.
Timothy Sackton: I mean just to be clear the way that kendra said described this bowl it's not like a small thing.
Timothy Sackton: is like 500 feet.
across.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The odds that you completely miss it or not, that high it might just take you some time to find that.
Seeker: So the bird up around.
John Leeker (he/him/his): nowhere near yeah the bird is in the bird to.
John Leeker (he/him/his): To go to look for the bowl in a safe route not.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Out of the range of that longest yeah.
Seeker: seeker size deeply.
Timothy Sackton: make a.
Timothy Sackton: make a survival check.
John Leeker (he/him/his): that's what a plus six.
Timothy Sackton: Thought horrible um so it takes it takes about.
Timothy Sackton: An hour you get the bird gets I mean because you're really trying to be careful not to arouse suspicion or be spotted and there's as you've noticed was like almost no animal if you take a pretty circuitous route, and so it takes you some time to to find this this bowl.
Timothy Sackton: However, after about an hour and a half, so it's now probably.
Timothy Sackton: Four 4:30pm or so um you do and when you're so so you can.
Timothy Sackton: So the way that the familiar works, you can see, through its eyes and you can control it, as long as you're within.
Timothy Sackton: 100 feet, or something like that, but once it goes far away, you can still keep seeing through its eyes, but you can't like communicate it with anymore so it's just on its own, and if you if you go back to your perception seeing through your eyes, you can't go back unless it's close.
John Leeker (he/him/his): got it.
Timothy Sackton: So I assume, though you're just like.
Timothy Sackton: meditating on the ground with it flying around and watching flying as the bird instead of paying attention to your surroundings trusting to your compassion, yes i'm.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Trusting my companions, even though I don't trust their judgment.
Timothy Sackton: So so but it takes you a little while because you're so it's about an hour and a half of flying until you until you see stretching out below you.
Timothy Sackton: This bowl shaped circle in the in the desert that just kind of opens up in the middle of nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: That it's probably five 600 feet below the surface of the desert, these are these are deep.
class.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: What you see immediately when you when you look at it is the.
Timothy Sackton: Is the growth of this like circle in the Center of this opening a grove of these gnarled ancient trees that are around open dusty but empty pet.
Timothy Sackton: Second, the second thing you notice.
Timothy Sackton: As you look across is a small camp, set up a tent.
John Leeker (he/him/his): A.
Timothy Sackton: sort of area where there's.
Timothy Sackton: Like a basin where water is being stored there's like a cook of like cooking area there's like a fire pit some food set up there's a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a sort of little area of prayer with like a like four or five of these like little kind of statue things of gods and sitting kneeling in front in this sort of prayer area is a.
Timothy Sackton: middle aged young middle aged woman i'm not looking sort of down kneeling looking sort of towards the ground at these like small statues of god's i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeming in prayer long sort of silvery hair.
Timothy Sackton: Gone Gray, but sort of tied up in a bond in a clean but ragged to Nick and lettings.
Timothy Sackton: lying in the shade near where this woman is praying a good size shield a shirt of chain mail on the crescent moon symbol of show Kuhn and blazoned on the shield and a staff as well propped up against the cliff face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We asked kendra so what what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ginger looks like right and like what she's wearing and stuff we totally did I remember that part of the conversation.
John Leeker (he/him/his): We are.
Seeker: that's her.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, there seems to be little Alex in this.
Timothy Sackton: In this clearing, except for against different Canyon while not the wall that the cliff is set up in you see.
Timothy Sackton: Eight grave markers and the.
Timothy Sackton: Obvious remains of a funeral pyre.
hmm.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So God communicates this to the.
John Leeker (he/him/his): his comrades.
Seeker: I want to point out.
Seeker: That we have not one, but two.
Seeker: scrolls of sending.
Seeker: Can we send to Sintra.
Seeker: I don't know the rules of sending.
Timothy Sackton: A yeah I pretty sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great idea.
Timothy Sackton: sounds like creature, to which you are familiar.
Timothy Sackton: What I would say, a creature like.
Timothy Sackton: Familiar doesn't in my interpretation familiar doesn't mean somebody that you have to have knowing that it just means.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody you're aware of you couldn't just like say I want to send a message to you know the Emperor of charge and never having matt or known anything about him but somebody who's been described to you.
Seeker: mm hmm.
John Leeker (he/him/his): My initiated into her religion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right why can't send a message derive what that scroll.
Mike (Delwath): Where we're going to retire with TIM.
Timothy Sackton: You could try that.
Timothy Sackton: We haven't want to use it on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've got two so let's use one for Center and then one for.
Seeker: we're supposed to.
Mike (Delwath): we're supposed to use one for control.
yeah.
Mike (Delwath): i'm alternatively.
Mike (Delwath): But we did emissary.
Seeker: What does that.
Seeker: Tell us about this emissary.
Mike (Delwath): Well, a shadow.
Mike (Delwath): form.
Mike (Delwath): gad with the discrimination.
Mike (Delwath): A beast, but it can speak.
Mike (Delwath): Although I cannot.
Mike (Delwath): I can't observe it's I can't I can't possess it.
Seeker: So we can send a message can it bring a message back.
Mike (Delwath): I think so.
Timothy Sackton: It wait, where do you see that I can speak did I change it.
Mike (Delwath): Oh, it can only understand.
Mike (Delwath): Sorry, it can only understand languages, I can't speak.
yeah.
Mike (Delwath): It can only listen can't talk.
Seeker: But we could bring a written, we could.
Mike (Delwath): It could carry a written.
Seeker: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, given what you've described, because this is it feels like this is an extremely strange turn of events, it does not appear that she's being held hostage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it feels like she is there on her own accord.
Seeker: Well there's just the one exit.
Mike (Delwath): I would like to know if she believes, she is trapped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly because we don't know her motivations is she with the notes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um or or is she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If she's being held captive by them, which is possible.
Seeker: It is.
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which, which is very possible.
Seeker: there's no sign of the heart of course.
John Leeker (he/him/his): or for daughter.
Seeker: Or the child, but.
Seeker: We can't really carry that.
Mike (Delwath): We can't see inside.
Seeker: Inside the tent.
Mike (Delwath): isn't there a pet.
Mike (Delwath): Or, as did I misunderstand that same, I thought you said there's like a pit in the middle, because then.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a dry, I mean it's it's not a deep pit it's like it's like a 1015 foot like a dry lake basically it's it's like a like a pond that's not filled with water at the moment.
Seeker: And it will fill at sunset.
Timothy Sackton: This is what kendra, as I said.
Rev. David (he/him): What time is it now.
Timothy Sackton: healing about 430.
Timothy Sackton: You have an hour and a half, two hours they'll sunset.
Seeker: And the graves are the acolytes that were sent and died and we're buried.
Seeker: But that's speculation and how did they die.
Seeker: And if.
Seeker: The if the whole place is being guarded from the outside.
Seeker: You think they would have died appear not down there.
Seeker: Or maybe they went in tried to help her get out and were killed during that.
Mike (Delwath): Maybe she doesn't want to eat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, this is my question is is she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do or we issue with with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She being protected by them or.
Seeker: there's another possibility, which is that she's there for the waters and that there's an ongoing process of healing the child.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why would the noles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would the noles clearly the noles well, I guess, there could be a standoff that's also possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That some.
Seeker: Some.
Seeker: powers that she can do them at bay only in that Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are three, there are three possibilities right one, is that um she's in league with the noles that they are somehow working together and that they are actually protecting her out that entrance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another.
Seeker: unlikely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know we don't know it's I don't know on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other possibility is that yeah they're at a standstill right somehow they she's been trapped in there, and she has is able to offer some protection for herself on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the noles like did they look like they're protecting that stairwell like do they look like they're trying to keep something in or the longbow people like trying to like keep something from colon going in.
Timothy Sackton: are definitely more keep something in I mean the longbow people are clearly like even there's clearly some people are keeping in watch on the desert, but the focus is definitely more keep something in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's what out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we're seasons like warriors and shifts so we can also they're they're trying to keep her Okay, so that would lend credence to the idea that that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's some kind of standstill that she is she has been trapped she's trapped inside somehow they're not able to totally get to her, but.
Seeker: She stopped if she had.
Seeker: The heart of.
Seeker: Everything we know about the power of she could suggest that it can keep these knowles away my influence is that she no longer has it for some reason it doesn't say anything about where it's gone.
Seeker: Something complex has occurred here, we definitely don't have all the clues.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why, if she's able to keep them at bay and why wouldn't you why wouldn't you have it.
Seeker: I mean we should people I think you misunderstood, I said the the harvest cocoon has been protecting this whole area from everything like these knowles and everything like that.
Seeker: Yes, yes, so therefore it's not present its own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but the hardest cocoon has its power when it's when it's within the Mesa within when it's within its body at the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's when.
Mike (Delwath): When it has its it could be week here exactly that.
Timothy Sackton: The point of the ritual was that the heart of she couldn't.
Timothy Sackton: What you saw last session was that the hardest one is somehow connected to this network of people by being in the temple and the more.
Timothy Sackton: connections, the stronger, that is.
Timothy Sackton: and, with it being removed that whole thing collapses.
Mike (Delwath): So maybe it's just.
Seeker: I see.
Mike (Delwath): connected to the heart and she only has enough power to protect the.
Mike (Delwath): yeah the.
Mike (Delwath): Canyon.
Seeker: Existing maybe the heart is actually in that tent with.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Yes, exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's able to create like a force field, or a shield to protect herself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And whomever there, and obviously there's been some kind of battle, because of the funeral pyro pyro so she's the strongest one she's been able to survive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But she's been she's keeping those those knowles at bay.
Mike (Delwath): There any signs in the clairvoyance that we saw of battle.
Seeker: The question I only saw up at this top of the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Not not recently.
Seeker: there's been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been months right.
Timothy Sackton: But it's a it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's about four months since then sentra originally came here.
Timothy Sackton: Two months since.
Mike (Delwath): The accolades.
Timothy Sackton: The actual the last accolades left Caroline.
Seeker: Would she be subsisting on down there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She can create food out of nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: remarkable.
Seeker: Yes, we did learn that and there's plenty of water.
John Leeker (he/him/his): she's so powerful 15 is many enemies, but not.
John Leeker (he/him/his): For one as powerful as her.
Mike (Delwath): We don't know her strength, though.
Mike (Delwath): They may not lend themselves to distraction.
yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Being able to conjure food is very different from being able to slay a demon.
Seeker: So as i've been saying all along, maybe we should just kill the guys in the stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consistent.
Mike (Delwath): I think.
Mike (Delwath): An auger feels appropriate here.
Mike (Delwath): We now know more, we could ask the question right so.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I believe we can ask good or bad omens or neutral Oh, we can't say does she know so what.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Would you ask.
Mike (Delwath): Well, we can ask.
Timothy Sackton: You can ask you can specify once you can you can say basically here's what I want to do.
Timothy Sackton: The outcome of this gonna be good bad Bo without me.
Mike (Delwath): So we could ask either.
Mike (Delwath): With the outcome of sneaking of of sneaking past the.
Mike (Delwath): The undead and going straight to the Canyon and meeting Center be good or bad or, alternatively, you could ask with the you know what a frontal assault on.
The.
Mike (Delwath): On the head of the stairs and well or badly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What how many questions can we ask.
one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I could ask more, but then the the gods may lie to me there's a 25% chance that they tell me something falls to the second time I asked.
Seeker: Jesus just one factor that occurs to me is that we may not be seeing all of the forces keeping her in there.
John Leeker (he/him/his): mm hmm.
Seeker: They could be in this light, can.
Mike (Delwath): They could disliking could have.
John Leeker (he/him/his): 300 more noisy, so I think we should ask, should we attempt to contact her directly is that is there, good omens to contact her before we fight.
John Leeker (he/him/his): me on that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, because if she does have strengthened battle alerting to her so that she can attack from behind that actually can also could be quite valuable.
Seeker: I said very interesting idea we could.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Pass, if we can sneak in conceivably we could sneak out in the back right where we're at with communication.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So I asked the the mountain God, are the omens good or bad for sneaking around and.
John Leeker (he/him/his): trying to reach her without fighting the undead at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we'll wait, because the way that we would do that is actually just through the communication school right, so we can do that.
Mike (Delwath): what's a good question let's let's go with that question.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so the question is would sneaking around the nose and.
Timothy Sackton: Entering the Kenyan with to meet with Center be good or bad.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um so as your costs down and it takes a few minutes to cast.
Timothy Sackton: A spell is there sort of a ritual involved in it um you feel.
Timothy Sackton: A sense of calm and clear purpose come over you and the.
Timothy Sackton: The spirit of the mountain says.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this would be good.
John Leeker (he/him/his): hmm.
alright.
So your.
John Leeker (he/him/his): seekers always been supporting this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consistent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Consistent the entire time has not altered his position once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why did we always have to fight.
John Leeker (he/him/his): friends, I think.
John Leeker (he/him/his): The omens are we should avoid combat now and try to reach her.
John Leeker (he/him/his): We will fight these we may have to fight these eventually, but it is best not to do it now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If this is the case, I think, well, the awry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With invisibility and perhaps some other assistance flight flying boulders etc on could could quite stealthily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: avoid the creatures at the top of the stairs.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I.
Mike (Delwath): couldn't we just go around the long way to the Kenyan.
mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, just like walk yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you're still need to get down to 500 foot cliff but.
Timothy Sackton: Now they click out of it out, you know the you know the way.
Mike (Delwath): that's 500 foot sheer cliffs not our problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude I mean this is what Kansas fucking made four is jumping down 500 foot like you know this is like my shit how.
John Leeker (he/him/his): We have spider cover, I think we have enough.
John Leeker (he/him/his): ways to get down the cliff quickly.
John Leeker (he/him/his): And to be creative, but what I would like is other to stub meld into the boulder and then have that boulder be thrown.
Mike (Delwath): yeah.
Seeker: Wait so you can.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can mold into stone.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can become one with stone I can't move.
John Leeker (he/him/his): But then you can clean.
John Leeker (he/him/his): me in the stone down the cliff.
Seeker: too long as the stone doesn't subsequently shatter or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can finally you slow fall, this is fucking exciting.
Mike (Delwath): wow how far how far can you fall asleep fall.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure you want to just jump 500 feet, because that would be an average of.
Timothy Sackton: That would be like 70 to 80 damage.
Timothy Sackton: On average.
I have nothing haters.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I have navigators tools as a traveler we can just repelled down the wall.
Oh.
John Leeker (he/him/his): You don't have.
Timothy Sackton: 500 feet of rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rope do we have.
Mike (Delwath): But OK, so I could very easily get us all down here for willing to take a couple hours for.
Mike (Delwath): Every hour two people can fly flapping their magic wings down to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike (Delwath): combine it with one spider climate it's two hours.
Seeker: yeah it's gonna be dark.
Seeker: But okay.
Rev. David (he/him): And we get there by dusk like.
Timothy Sackton: A yeah you can you it's probably won't take you more than an hour to get there, which gives you about an hour till dusk.
Mike (Delwath): How long does it take to fly down.
Mike (Delwath): To the bottom of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: I mean what's your movement speed with.
Timothy Sackton: flight it's like 60 feet per round right.
Timothy Sackton: Across the lake less than a minute.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be tucked his long like sadly puts his bow away.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm not worried.
Seeker: seems like.
Timothy Sackton: Well, well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of bloodlust.
Timothy Sackton: So you can certainly I mean you're you're now a mile distant from the nose you've been traveling under the cover of shadow, and you know you're pretty confident they haven't seen you, you could.
Timothy Sackton: continue to travel under the cover of shadow without getting any closer, which would take you the longest probably hour hour and a half to get.
Timothy Sackton: There, but have the lowest chance of detection, or you could take the more direct route which will pass much closer to the noles but we'd be shorter.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think we need to take any.
John Leeker (he/him/his): chances yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Around.
Timothy Sackton: That so you're gonna are you going to do another pass without trace.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody make it staff jack.
Rev. David (he/him): I gotta step away for just a SEC, but i'll be right back.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Are we far enough away right on me Oh, just in case there's other things patrolling or something.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Like Why would we need pass without trace again.
Timothy Sackton: Well, just if you want plus.
John Leeker (he/him/his): 10 on your staff oh.
John Leeker (he/him/his): that's fine so.
Seeker: i'm happy to have that plus 10 plus 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike (Delwath): yeah the plus 10 might help us.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: haha.
Timothy Sackton: OK, and then i'll just Can somebody just wrote a D 20 for for well bs.
Timothy Sackton: survival check I think it's like plus okay yeah he has like plus.
acres.
Timothy Sackton: So creeping along slowly but protected by the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: And with.
Timothy Sackton: Well, bees desert experience, plus the the bird to lead you or the the path that you learned from the bird to lead you it takes you about an hour creeping through the desert terrain, to get to at about 530 to get to the rim of this of this Canyon and it's I mean.
Timothy Sackton: God described it to you, but it's definitely more impressive in person it's like.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks like I mean it's like a sheer circle this this almost does not look like a natural Kenyan the walls themselves are already starting.
Timothy Sackton: Of the Kenyan are starting to pick up this red glow of as the sun is now pretty low in the sky and you're starting to see it's not quite the golden hour yet, but you're starting to get this like almost as if the the wallet self is glowing from within and response to the sun.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see now that, as you sort of creep to the top edge in our peering down that the woman who before was in prayer is now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: cooking something.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be making dinner still alone.
Mike (Delwath): Who would like to go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, as a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a mist I have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot guys logo and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may have a connection.
Mike (Delwath): Very well, I will touch kenzo and cast fly on him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, while this is happening just everybody else is just like hanging around on the top of the Canyon.
Seeker: inspecting the local geology.
Seeker: Checking out the ley line but.
Timothy Sackton: you're not doing like.
Timothy Sackton: spider climb or.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh, and I can do, I can cast spider client like are we gonna.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I need to reserve some spell thoughts I can at least do one spider climb and something that's basically walk down it's your walk you're climbing speed becomes you're walking speed.
Mike (Delwath): I think one spider climb would probably be good, because then we could all get down.
Mike (Delwath): I need to do a shawl need to take a rest after casting flies but only an hour.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you animating anything or no.
Seeker: Well i'm gonna i'm gonna be able to fly down under this plan right.
John Leeker (he/him/his): or spider spider man right.
Mike (Delwath): caught up you spider climb down yourself I.
John Leeker (he/him/his): can't can't touch myself with it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Definitely yeah oh.
Seeker: cool.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So i'll just come down myself so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be it may be good for well be to be the party part of the part of it goes last given the range weapons and ability to you know if we are surprised, etc.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so drink on starting to walk down the class well be is flying down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No cancer cancer oh.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry ken's I was flying down everybody else is still at the top.
Mike (Delwath): yep and.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I just like climb on your back, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just gonna ask me.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Totally yeah I mean i'm not strong but i'm also eight feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can totally climb on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're you're like like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean yeah sweet.
Timothy Sackton: He can totally carry you.
John Leeker (he/him/his): yeah hop on my back as I.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Look leisurely walk down the mountain, basically, but this the cliff with spider climb.
Rev. David (he/him): To the backpack but.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but i'm going to climb in the backpack and like centered around my waist.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Because doubles.
Timothy Sackton: So cancel vans, first because fly is faster than spider climb, are you late, are you so Where are you landing, but the grove itself is about 600 feet across and.
Timothy Sackton: Central camp is is like sort of diagonally across from the edge that you're on so about like two 300 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see well, is it just is literally like a spherical bowl.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's literally like.
John Leeker (he/him/his): If we have zero cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, do you guys know i'm curious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to share my screen for a second yeah can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should be able to another one, let me show you cannot share screen, while the other participants sharing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I need to stop the music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is sharing really quick you guys know this.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A Mexico.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinda like that except graphs.
Timothy Sackton: And bigger.
Seeker: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: He said, like Okay, this is like 300 kids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a meditation prayer place.
Like in Mexico.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay um yeah I guess a flying down not like you know we don't want to alarm her right, so I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is an interesting question of how to approach to that she doesn't like want to fucking kill us and.
Mike (Delwath): We sent you first cancer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know Fuck is there a greeting of some kind, Tim that I can do like to like oh how about this cuz she's like sensitive to spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I i'm kind of like as even from the start of the descent of the fly like just blast my aura just like kind of like push out, you know fucking beach ma lock of odds like really you know just blast that out, as I as i'm going down the cliff.
John Leeker (he/him/his): got anger some buddy other enemies, we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, this is this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That people sensitive to like the Miss die it's it's for people that that are that are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out she is.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're as you're drifting down i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pulsing energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah she.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of you notice her kind of pause for a moment and.
Timothy Sackton: Like look up and see you.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: And then kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Look surprise for a moment and then you're landing sort of like towards her or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just did some distance you know just to not like alarm her give her space, and you know as i'm coming down i'm like you know, giving like a like a symbol of like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right no not not a threat, not a threat like no weapons, you know, like like that.
Seeker: isn't there a prayer pose that's like a kind of supplication.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah exactly i'm giving i'm giving a you know.
Timothy Sackton: So so she looks up then for a moment and then kind of starts starts running towards you as you land not not seeming in a threatening way um but does have her staff ah.
Timothy Sackton: So you see kenza lands and then Sintra start running towards him.
Mike (Delwath): As soon as kensal lands actually i'll give it a minute, just in case he has to take off again for some reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10 as soon as I land I saw slight her as soon as she gets them in 60 feet as soon as she gets into range.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: hold on one SEC here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah get you the new him all the new stuff that you, you get with Saul site i'm.
Timothy Sackton: just want to make sure i'm getting this right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so glad we're doing this enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a first for us, after a year of playing.
yeah.
Seeker: i'm gonna backfire some spectacular way i'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, I think the auger without us that's what we needed to feel confident that we didn't need to do this, you.
John Leeker (he/him/his): need to God it was Okay, not to murder.
Timothy Sackton: And as you land she.
Timothy Sackton: wants us when she says.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, in kind of a bit of an anxious tone um.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you how did you get here you are not familiar to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you Chandra on kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo and initiate of mishima and locker.
Timothy Sackton: We thought I felt something in the air, but.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my companions I gesture towards i'm assuming Jihad is on the on the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we're about two thirds.
Mike (Delwath): Of the way down speaker you now can fly okay kenzo you cannot fly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, she says as, as you have to hide quickly we don't have much time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where.
Timothy Sackton: If he sees he you'll be trapped to.
Seeker: At this moment i'm only thing into the just.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy but uh how do I can I communicate to my team.
Oh.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Wait.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Can I hear what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: No you're still like 100 feet up in the air and 300 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be i'll be at all perfectly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now.
Rev. David (he/him): Out of range, what do you think.
Timothy Sackton: teenagers to communicate with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you see, I start waving my hands like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This to well be and to to like no like no like this, like no.
Seeker: And i'm like flapping my arms like flying like i'm like.
Seeker: wow I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love it you see me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like i'm like.
Seeker: Like like swinging in the wind.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll top hundred cold shoulder um do you think that means turn around.
i'm.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Sure cause having fun climbing on a mountain that's what he does he's that guy we can go back up I have 30 minutes of this.
Seeker: started towards.
Rev. David (he/him): Like for a high five a secret flip.
side.
Seeker: If.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're not trying to communicate with your fault ethically as i'm doing this.
Rev. David (he/him): give you the double thumbs up.
Timothy Sackton: When are you going back up or.
Timothy Sackton: Going still going down.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your card is climbing back up now.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Because.
Rev. David (he/him): I kind of give you this, I guess we're going up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby Bobby fucking speaking to my mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that to me.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you're.
Rev. David (he/him): you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're not within 120 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Seeker: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just like.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around like everything's going to shit and she's like.
Timothy Sackton: You now kind somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quickly.
Timothy Sackton: I go and I see what I can do about this mess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go and i'm like where do I hi TIM.
Timothy Sackton: I still there's trees there's her tent.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus, now we can't.
Seeker: Oh, my God, this is none i'm confused seeing record change direction and attempted barrel roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you now seeing me, you know see kenzo like running into like the trees and like you know she tried just disappearing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make us doubt check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah well i'll be selfies you.
Timothy Sackton: bobby's like yeah I can yeah you have a passive perception of like a team right.
Seeker: i'm gonna try to fly to hide where kenzo is.
Timothy Sackton: we're gonna try it you don't you don't see where cancer when's.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of.
Timothy Sackton: went to the trees.
John Leeker (he/him/his): cuz God.
John Leeker (he/him/his): yeah they say like because well be was on my back he saw it first communicated to me, we can communicate to seeker.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Right and tell him to abort abort.
Seeker: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll say telepathically to secret.
hey.
Rev. David (he/him): he's hiding behind that tree over there, if you want to go check in with them.
Seeker: I figured I might need to help him get back out.
Seeker: So I might need to land near where he is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or she can see that.
Rev. David (he/him): Like, what do you think this means.
Seeker: cold, you know is cultural.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so now let's, let me just do again, whereas seekers Kansas just run to go hide in the tree.
Timothy Sackton: i'll be can still see him, but nobody else can.
Timothy Sackton: The woman on the ground is like like seems to be you know just articulating quite vigorously and just like with seemingly talking quite forcefully to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Jakarta has turned around does now, I would say about 200 feet from the ground.
Timothy Sackton: wow not quite the halfway point of the class secret is flying pasture cod.
Seeker: i'm like kind of circling and confusion for a second here, while I debate with will be about whether I should go up or down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up and down there's no way that I can go back up are you getting back up.
Seeker: You don't have a way back get back up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can, I can do acrobatic shirt right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you.
Timothy Sackton: climb a 500 foot sheer cliff probably you could try, but it would be very hard.
Seeker: I can make a fly an airplane for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, let me.
Seeker: Come that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was my idea in the first part yeah I know you see that yeah.
Seeker: We talked about it before on.
Rev. David (he/him): As you go pass him like see your can I come with.
Seeker: A I mean I I probably can't carry him, can I.
Seeker: know.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, Tom side to having a party of weaklings.
Rev. David (he/him): we're really going up then hmm.
Seeker: Sorry friend.
Seeker: On a dive towards where I last kenzo and try just try to make a safe landing on the ground.
Seeker: Second trailer hiding.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Your card is overwhelmed by all these hyper active people around him he's not used to this.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Energy so he just stops and now he's just at the side of the clip.
Timothy Sackton: With what are you doing at this point.
Mike (Delwath): i'm just watching.
Mike (Delwath): Okay.
Mike (Delwath): I mean, yes i'm concentrating on the fly spell.
Seeker: right there.
Mike (Delwath): I am so there's not much I can do that doesn't involve.
Mike (Delwath): speaker losing his ability to fly.
Seeker: Right so i'm trying to land.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike (Delwath): But I am i'm watching as closely as I can, I mean.
Mike (Delwath): To the extent that I could take perception like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: paying attention Okay, a.
Timothy Sackton: Secret as you land you hear a.
Timothy Sackton: whisper in your female voice whisper in your head.
Timothy Sackton: Get under covered now I don't know how many more minutes we have.
Seeker: So i'm going to try to use well these instructions about where kenza went to hide near kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: make a style jack.
Seeker: So it's gonna be really good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody can see seeker.
Seeker: Like my beards like sticking out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you hear another another woman voice in your head again that's that's not hiding getting the 10 now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, and I didn't attend to.
Seeker: i'm gonna i'm gonna run to the 10.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't to you this is just to seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I apologize, I see secret bumbling around and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like.
Rev. David (he/him): I like the idea, a lot of secret comes over to find you calm was like hey.
Seeker: we're hiding everybody's hi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cedric you come over and by me by the tree and i'm just like oh my.
God.
Timothy Sackton: Make your perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good music right now season.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You see, like chaos around in the ball of the Canyon now you see kenzo and seeker like running across from the trees.
towards the tent.
Timothy Sackton: jakarta's now, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: 350 feet about.
John Leeker (he/him/his): God, you know he's just overwhelming.
Rev. David (he/him): We need, we need to go up or down.
John Leeker (he/him/his): You pick.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Up up.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Up up there just continues trudging forward.
Rev. David (he/him): You could you could also do that faster can.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can crawl the speed I walk so we briskly go out a brisk walking pace upwards.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can go.
Timothy Sackton: You can go decently well.
Timothy Sackton: You see now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like Center now having gotten the two of you into the tent.
Timothy Sackton: con like closes his eyes for a moment and in.
Timothy Sackton: latter's on the rock floor of the Canyon the word spells out hide with an exclamation point.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: You can do this tck.
Seeker: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Or the mother earth.
Mike (Delwath): I will try to hide somewhere.
Mike (Delwath): Now what's the 30 good hiding spots, along with Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: So the whole Canyon rim is difficult terrain so there's like boulders and.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely places you could hide it's not amazing hiding terrain, but it's definitely possible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a.
Timothy Sackton: make us stuff jack.
Seeker: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: I attempt to roll hi ah.
Timothy Sackton: So about another.
Timothy Sackton: 30 seconds passes as.
Timothy Sackton: You two are still now about 450 500 feet you're just coming to the top.
Timothy Sackton: When well be you've been looking around you see from the other side of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: approaching the.
Timothy Sackton: sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: Still kind of in the distance you're not sure whether this creature has noticed you net yet um.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC, I want to make sure I don't mess up the description here um you see a maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Seven foot tall human human ish but see make big for a human.
Timothy Sackton: With a.
Timothy Sackton: dark cloak putting its face their face and shadow and carrying like slung over its back i'm a.
Timothy Sackton: club with these like a four foot long club with like Spikes coming out of all of that and sort of striding towards the looking down into the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: As it walks it almost seems to float above the.
Timothy Sackton: Above the surface of the Canyon rim ah.
Timothy Sackton: and drink cod and well be make a dexterity checks.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh, good for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You to have your GM roles are appearing, you can see, the other way.
Timothy Sackton: that's okay.
Timothy Sackton: I was just wait, it was just if I rolled a 15 or higher the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shot.
Timothy Sackton: He showed up.
Seeker: I think he's he's at the top of the Canyon wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the other side.
Timothy Sackton: So well be, as you notice you notice this first and managed to sort of leap off of.
Timothy Sackton: off of drift god's back onto the you because you've just reached that.
Timothy Sackton: level of the Canyon as this person has appeared as this creature is appearing and you if you would like to attempt to quickly hide you're welcome to hide at disadvantage because you're sort of caught without being able to find a great spot.
Timothy Sackton: drink, are you are.
Timothy Sackton: You are trapped.
John Leeker (he/him/his): So i'm still hanging there.
Timothy Sackton: You are like just reaching the lip.
Timothy Sackton: Of you're not quick enough to.
John Leeker (he/him/his): leap over.
Timothy Sackton: To leap over you have you have maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Next, second, you may have 10 seconds, if you want to try and cast a spell.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm sorry that is an 1110 but.
Timothy Sackton: I got it.
But.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Let me look at my spells real quick here.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Actually, could I just kept my.
Mike (Delwath): golden just down yeah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Oh yeah that's what it's designed for.
Seeker: and
Seeker: We did the stones perfect hiding.
Timothy Sackton: To do that yep.
Ah.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I thought that was a stupid spell when I picked it right yeah Michael maybe use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's great music.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You all as far as you know, seem to have vanished as you hear sort of booming out.
Timothy Sackton: As Center as now looking up at the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's still outside of that.
Timothy Sackton: She is still outside and she has sort of standing looking defiantly up and this creature kind of cast it's put back on and is floating but but doesn't quite approach the lip of the of the kin and it gets to maybe 10 feet from from the lap.
Timothy Sackton: And you know starts starts laughing.
Timothy Sackton: And says in kind of a booming voice.
Timothy Sackton: still here, I see good good.
Timothy Sackton: your daughter will live another day.
Timothy Sackton: huh and then looks around.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Timothy Sackton: What is that.
Timothy Sackton: You have a friend.
Timothy Sackton: And Center is sort of like shaking her head like, no, no, no.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I will go see.
Timothy Sackton: And leaps into the air.
Timothy Sackton: Flying across.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you have a moment as that sleeping in the air, if you want to try to find a better hiding spot.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh man.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, can I stealth with regular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You love plus nine.
Rev. David (he/him): To three.
Seeker: Well, well be with such a good character.
Mike (Delwath): um.
Rev. David (he/him): I would, I would love to to play this regardless of what comes as like well we can't find a good hiding place and so sort of like himself against a rock as best we can, and knocks and arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Seeker: yeah it's just.
Timothy Sackton: You just are trapped right on the edge and there's just not very many convenient boulders or anywhere that you can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Behind oh my.
Timothy Sackton: look like trying like Maybe you can dash across a bit of open ground and then you you.
Timothy Sackton: Think better of it from and just kind of.
Mike (Delwath): Visibility hate them I.
Mike (Delwath): don't have I can't cast them visibility sorry I used up my spouse on fly.
hmm.
Mike (Delwath): I have another idea how closest while he's hiding spot to to.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Hiding.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: How close do you want to be, I mean you, you could have found a hiding place within like 20 feet or so or.
Mike (Delwath): An.
Mike (Delwath): Animal of my choice that include a vaguely humanoid form.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: alright.
Mike (Delwath): As well be scrambling to hide.
Mike (Delwath): hold on I gotta I gotta set.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm really glad we didn't go through the front door.
Seeker: Right.
Mike (Delwath): um as well, bees like walking around for a spot to hide, I am going to.
Mike (Delwath): create a shadow version of welby that runs off obvious obviously as they can.
Mike (Delwath): Along the edge of the cliff.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: spell casting attack like a charisma check but add your proficiency.
Mike (Delwath): hold on my little quickie buttons.
up working.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was bought these roles.
Timothy Sackton: That first one is good that's that's that that first of all it's what you need.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so the thing that the thing that's flying across these this flash of movement and turns darts after after the shadow and as it's getting close like takes it takes its club and like take the.
Timothy Sackton: swing at the shadow and as it does this i'm here sentra from below.
My things up here.
Timothy Sackton: She you hear her yell wait how's it getting getting close.
Timothy Sackton: And she will then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She doesn't know that that's not wealthy right.
Timothy Sackton: She just saw flash of movement um.
Timothy Sackton: She will say wait.
Timothy Sackton: We can talk.
Timothy Sackton: That was just my trek and she you see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not create it you see created like on the ground in front of her like about 30 feet away like a little.
Timothy Sackton: sort of shadowy figure appears doesn't move just appears and then she snapped her fingers and it disappears.
Timothy Sackton: And then she doesn't get in somewhere else and snaps her finger and it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disappears again.
Timothy Sackton: Wait I will give you what you what you want.
Timothy Sackton: Come back in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: And she says.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: I can't stay here any longer.
Timothy Sackton: And the thing just starts laughing.
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of an evil laugh and then like takes its club and like you know kicks up some some dust and lands on the fireside about now totally focused on Center about.
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet from wealthy, just like tracks there with his bow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And who is thinking to himself no shot.
Rev. David (he/him): hundred.
Rev. David (he/him): hundred percent.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait TIM on the ticket ticket split off right, you said to like like what does it look like what's it look like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks it looks human but sort of like us like almost a stretched out face that's like.
Timothy Sackton: All I saw I saw like the shit out of this dude.
Timothy Sackton: They are way too far away.
Timothy Sackton: from it.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean taxi let's go don't even.
Timothy Sackton: See what's going on, because it's like your.
Christ in a tent.
Timothy Sackton: It starts laughing and then it says.
Timothy Sackton: I must report, the US and it takes out from its pocket it lands and it takes out from his pocket this small.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's like a you can't really see exactly what it is, but it seems to be smaller than its hand.
Timothy Sackton: Something solid in it, it holds it up for a moment, concentrating and then it, it says.
Timothy Sackton: um she's still here.
Timothy Sackton: don't kill her daughter, but she's agreed she'll tell us what we need in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if it's worth your travel.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: flies off.
Seeker: Just told I worked for.
What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what is what is his head, but what it is.
Timothy Sackton: So I looked it looked human.
Mike (Delwath): Oh well.
Seeker: Oh no are you gonna roll it back.
No.
Rev. David (he/him): it's not until you finally floods off that.
Rev. David (he/him): will be.
makes the firm decision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, it is such a wannabe thing to do to fucking shoot it right now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David (he/him): It looks.
Timothy Sackton: So so as it as it flies out like it looks like human but everything's just a little bit bigger and it's almost like instead of it being bigger it's just bit like when you when you stretch an image, but you don't do it proportionally you just pull it vertically.
Timothy Sackton: Like everything is just slightly longer and drawn out than what you'd expect.
Timothy Sackton: On it um.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's but it's it looks human like a male human has sort of long long hair kind of tied back in a ponytail carrying this big club i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Fine, but but it's almost like it's in the uncut is like in the uncanny valley sort of like it's just off slightly, just like pulled out a little bit more than it should be.
freaky.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: With that I think now it's probably a good time to end unless you want to talk to Center for a little bit, but where are you going to lead.
Rev. David (he/him): Up to you and let's go it's a good cliffhanger.
Mike (Delwath): That was really exciting say what's that.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Yes, God has no idea what's going on right now, these stone stone.
Timothy Sackton: Because he's in the stone.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can't hear anything or seeing.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear sort of faintly but you can't see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow is this like garages brother, does he look like rush.
Timothy Sackton: No crashes skeleton.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, junior jr.
Rev. David (he/him): gotta wait what direction, does he leave what direction, does he had to he goes.
Timothy Sackton: Your question i'm sorta east.
Mike (Delwath): And so that's everything is here.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I got is for.
Rev. David (he/him): More south and east.
Oh.
Mike (Delwath): yeah then this feels this is this is either garage or somebody new.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well it's like.
Mike (Delwath): it's like I mean crashes with 10 the guy works for garage or something.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I like how this was the good omens like well beyond yeah.
Mike (Delwath): i'm wondering, a little bit about.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's I think it's not crushed, though, because this isn't this isn't like the right constellation of creatures right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now they're not orcs, but this is like Russia is like like homie or like they're like this, you know what I mean there's probably 10 ever.
Mike (Delwath): Actually figured out who was creating the two is behind the gnome the notion know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The demons were doing some portal.
Mike (Delwath): Created the demons.
Seeker: We know nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There from another dimension.
Rev. David (he/him): I encourage us to abandon all investigation into garage and chase something in a totally different direction.
Seeker: Plus we're.
Seeker: scheduling.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's let's make sure we've got our next.
Mike (Delwath): I think we have one on the calendar for next week.
Mike (Delwath): 20th yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Mike (Delwath): week after next.
Rev. David (he/him): The 20th them good for the 22nd I cannot do.
John Leeker (he/him/his): And I cannot do the 22nd either so.
Timothy Sackton: So Eric had a conflict on like So is there is there any day that week we can do.
It.
Seeker: So the.
Seeker: trying to figure all this out, so the 20th.
Seeker: yeah Catherine is doing this performance thing.
Rev. David (he/him): About Monday the 19th.
Seeker: That works for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: works for me.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I should have worked for me as well.
Timothy Sackton: You have to do the 19th and.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I suspect.
That.
Seeker: that's.
Timothy Sackton: That sooner you don't have to wait quite as long to find out what's going to happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here, a lot of fun, what are you guys doing this weekend.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, going to Michigan on Saturday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Friday.
John Leeker (he/him/his): happy.
John Leeker (he/him/his): Friday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, and like.
John Leeker (he/him/his): i'm stuck in the stone just hearing muffling of a little hassling scamper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I just happened to be free, like every day for the next like five in two weeks, maybe three weeks like straight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice night, so I can I can play d&d every night.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're gone next week right.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah yeah but i'm back the 18th 18th and 19th is too much about like during the day at all.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I could do weekend days.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I do.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I do have a day job.
Timothy Sackton: On way when are we talking about here.
Rev. David (he/him): What about Sunday during the day.
Mike (Delwath): I can't that's the.
Timothy Sackton: 18th is tough because that's like that's the weekend everybody.
Mike (Delwath): isn't.
Timothy Sackton: It and then talk at or like Laura and Dana and everybody, so we can't I can't do the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean if it's the 18th and.
Timothy Sackton: The 19th is it's better.
Timothy Sackton: The 19th is is better, but I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Are we trying to get like.
Another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another way I personally did this is just.
Timothy Sackton: I mean i'm certainly down as well, I don't know I just think with.
Timothy Sackton: I mean like unless we're doing it tomorrow, but I don't know if that.
Seeker: Is the scheduling gonna get difficult after that 19th.
Rev. David (he/him): How about tentatively planned for Wednesday the 28th.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can.
John Leeker (he/him/his): I can do that.
Timothy Sackton: That works for me.
Seeker: yeah cool cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Seeker: i'll put that one into Wednesday the 28.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that music TIM, I was loving it.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Timothy Sackton: it's called autumn dusk from his projects are Connor.
Timothy Sackton: So good some random thing I found on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
Timothy Sackton: So this is from my desert spooky playlist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it was it was totally creepy and awesome yeah super right.
John Leeker (he/him/his): yeah character def common in this game or hasn't happened yet.
Seeker: Now 14 of us to begin with, so.
Timothy Sackton: it's not supposed to be common.
John Leeker (he/him/his): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean my character, has had zero points several times like.
Timothy Sackton: Actual actually that's not true kenza did.
Timothy Sackton: Did sacrifice himself in.
Mike (Delwath): Well, I just died.
Mike (Delwath): died twice right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah died twice.
Timothy Sackton: Once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got zero points once.
Timothy Sackton: You got the 0.1 so, then you literally died and were brought back by beef.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, but that was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right that was.
Timothy Sackton: Your choice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah but so yeah Kansas died twice.
Mike (Delwath): i'm.
Mike (Delwath): Just one.